documents/Common-Room-Rules.md, before:

---
title: Common-Room-Rules
created: 2024-01-18T20:27:15
modified: 2024-10-29T02:40:58
tags:
  - documents
aliases:
  - Common Room Rules
id: Common-Room-Rules
---

# Common Room Rules

## 1. Purpose of Policy

1.1 This policy is designed to create a welcoming and safe environment. The common room is a communal space where members should act in acceptable, safe, respectful manner. It is also designed to maintain the cleanliness of the room. This room is a privilege bestowed to the members of the societies which may be revoked by the Common Room Committee, regardless of which society you are a part of.

## 2. Violations of Policy

2.1 Violation of rules may result in

- A verbal warning
    - If the behaviour continues the person will be subject to a Common Room ban.
- In serious cases, a ban will be issued without warning.
- Redbrick and EngSoc committees will be informed of every ban and warning issued.

## 3. Rules

3.1 Anyone in the common room should be a member of Redbrick or EngSoc

3.2 Any type of discrimination is completely prohibited. Violations of this rule will be taken very seriously.

3.3 Any act that causes other members to feel uncomfortable will be put under immediate review by the common room committee.

3.4 Illegal substances of any kind are completely prohibited in the common room.

3.5 CLEAN YOUR DISHES, this rule will be enforced heavily, if you use a dish you must be the one to clean it.

3.6 CLEAN YOUR MESS, any mess you create while eating, spillages etc. It is your responsibility to keep the room clean.

3.7 Members are expected to maintain a reasonable level of hygiene while using the Common Room.

## 4. Common Room Committee

4.1. The common room committee is composed of 3 members from both societies any questions, comments or concerns, you can speak to any of them without judgement.

- The current common room committee members for Redbrick are: Shane, Dominic, and Daniel.
- The current common room committee members for EngSoc are Gavin, Ana and Sam.

4.2. Decisions regarding any other actions are up to the discretion of the common room committee.

Commit message:

proposed changes: escalation procedure and violations policy updates, requiring records of meetings, clearing up wording on informing committee, right to request info

documents/Common-Room-Rules.md, after:

---
title: Common-Room-Rules
created: 2024-01-18T20:27:15
modified: 2024-10-29T02:40:58
tags:
  - documents
aliases:
  - Common Room Rules
id: Common-Room-Rules
---

# Common Room Rules

## 1. Purpose of Policy

1.1 This policy is designed to create a welcoming and safe environment. The common room is a communal space where members should act in acceptable, safe, respectful manner. It is also designed to maintain the cleanliness of the room. This room is a privilege bestowed to the members of the societies which may be revoked by the Common Room Committee, regardless of which society you are a part of.

## 2. Violations of Policy

2.1 Violation of rules may result in

- A verbal warning
    - If the behaviour continues the person will be subject to a Common Room ban.
- In serious cases, a ban will be issued without warning, subject to approval by the Office of Student Life.
-  In the case where a ban is warranted, the situation will be brought to the attention of the Office of Student Life, who will decide on the appropriate course of action.

- Redbrick and EngSoc committees must be informed of the details of every ban and warning issued, and a shared record will be kept.
- A member has the right request anonymised minutes of the meeting(s) where the warning/ban was discussed.


## 3. Rules

3.1 Anyone in the common room should be a member of Redbrick or EngSoc

3.2 Any type of discrimination is completely prohibited. Violations of this rule will be taken very seriously.

3.3 Any act that causes other members to feel uncomfortable will be put under immediate review by the common room committee.

3.4 Illegal substances of any kind are completely prohibited in the common room.

3.5 CLEAN YOUR DISHES, this rule will be enforced heavily, if you use a dish you must be the one to clean it.

3.6 CLEAN YOUR MESS, any mess you create while eating, spillages etc. It is your responsibility to keep the room clean.

3.7 Members are expected to maintain a reasonable level of hygiene while using the Common Room.

## 4. Common Room Committee

4.1. The common room committee is composed of 3 committee members from both societies. If you have any questions, comments or concerns, you can speak to any of them without judgement.

- The current common room committee members for Redbrick are: Shane, Dominic, and Daniel.
- The current common room committee members for EngSoc are Gavin, Ana, and Sam.

4.2. Decisions regarding any other actions are up to the discretion of the common room committee.

4.3. The common room committee shall keep a record of minutes of all meetings, which will be available to all members on Redbrick's open governance repository.
