---
title: "Minutes: "
created: 2024-01-18T19:49:29
modified: 2024-01-18T20:12:16
---

# Minutes

> Started at: `18:04`
> Does Committee agree on last weeks minutes: `yes`

- ## Points of Info:
    - ### Chair Update:
        - end of last meeting
            - chaos, not how it should work
            - new rule, if door open, nobody speaks
        - voluntary society
            - if you cant do something, arrange other people to fill in
            - let people know
        
    - ### Vice-Chair Update:
        - no updates
        
    - ### SysAdmin Update:
        - `chair` sysadminning in `sysadmin`'s place this weekend
        - apache unhappy, gave it some love (with a hammer)
        - zeus filling up, rip email generator :(
        - sorted now
        - meeting with iss tomorrow
            - want to talk about their plans for dcu networking
            - rb.dcu sub domain
            - few ports, ssh onto apeture (want to move main services onto it)
            - might try to get minecraft port open
            - delay for mc, can't set up on new servers right now, would need vpn access
            - no plain port root out
            - zeus unhappy, other place to host
            - send any requests onto dom before 1pm tomorrow**
            - `sysadmin` - add mail and irc to ports we want to expose**
    - ### Events Update:
        - games night
            - wasn't amazing
            - wasn't many games
            - not snacks we hoped for
            - fell apart due to miscommunication
            - some people thought it was in common room
            - not too well planned out
            - lessons to learn, more communication, rob was't available on thursday
            - people could have brought games, set up wii etc
            - ended up in the common room
            - worked out alright in the end
            - universal handover, doc in cmt wiki about it
            
        - demonware talk
            - went pretty well (`chair` is biased)
            - great turnout, around 30 people logged, but more were there
            - online aspect, could be heard
            - 1 member said they enjoyed it
            - Damien Marshall good speaker
        - Arista
            - arista do everything
            - they are ordering pizza
            - they are sponsoring pizza, 30 pizza
            - can always pick up drinks if needed
            - big push for arista event
            - `pro`, mention the voucher prizes in announce, top 5 get interviews **
            - internship interviews, but 3rd-4th years only
            - 2nd years generally do the best in it (question complexity)
            - Arista have `events` and `helpdesk` numbers (prob around 2:40-2:45)
            - tshirts as well
        - fosdem
            - no meeting with c&s
            - likely not happening
            - been 2 working days since hearing back from them
            - haven't responded yet, any can reply
            - we werent the only society
            - could do fosdem outside of dcu
            - we can't be part, but can give flights details, accom, etc
            - shouldn't have happened, was discussed in meeting, ping went out
            - get details together for people to get to fosdem themselves**
       - prizes for brick of the world
           - ps5, very potentially (person emailing abroad atm, back tomorrow week)
        - christmas party
            - talk to ash and other guy about nubar
            - week 12, wednesday (most 4th years in as well, main event that week), 29th November
            - who is santa: one of `helpdesk` **
            - organise dvds from CeX
            - less than 10 dvds in server room
            - could give out random server room stuff
            - whos going to CeX: `events`**
            - 30 euro of dvds
            - wrapping paper in server room
        - last event
            - for semester 2, have backup event planned, everything laid out
            - follow a predefined fallback plan (discord bot talk, cmt lightning talks)
        - sem 2
            - demonware, 2k
        - `chair` ci/cd talk
            - gitlab 3rd and 4th years
            - tuesday week 12 or wednesday week 11
            - seperate to hackerclub
            
    - ### Treasurer Update:
        - bank jank
            
    - ### Helpdesk Update:
        - hackerclub next week
            - will sort out later
            - let `gdo` know by thursday**
        - last week
            - went well
            - shell scripting
            - fun scrips
            - everyone was interested, a lot of engagement, people laughing, having a good time
            - went off at the end, personally interested in topic, made people interested
        - this weeks
            - arista
    - ### [Webmaster](../../../committee/Webmaster.md)
        - disdisdis
            - 3 hour discussion happened
            - blockbot, how we can get commands for role self assign
            - alumni can opt out of on campus events, hackerclub etc
            - choose pings
            - suggestion box for feedback from everyone (events, webgroup etc)
            - micro frontend
                - contributers can help with web based services
                - solid understanding now
                - up to admins to figure out
                - new service to deploy
            - gitified markdown
                - markdown and history of society discussion
                - trying to get it all back
                - rootholder collected info from website in 2014
                - if you don't know who associate it, you can ignore input
                - get a lot of services to use markdown
                - centralised gitified markdown collection, used across services
                - `sysadmin` would love it, but we can't really unifiy it
                - can't really do it with wiki, how it operates
                - media wiki, logging in through ldap, cmt are moderators etc
                - anyone can propose changes, can set for markdown
                - gitified markdown approach, fine for websites, not feasable for wiki
                - queries against database is not something we want to do frequently
                - throw wikimedia database somewhere
                    - have frequent backups would outweight gitified markdown thing
            - blockbot/rootspa
                - emails spammed
                - bunch of github releases
                - blockbot repo up with basic command
                - job spec on nomad
                - pull request there
                - can get blockbot officially online
                - up to admins to fix cdn issue
                - getting jobs deployed
            - first webgroup meeting
                - joint with hackerclub
                - hackerclub discusses discord bot
                - webgroup will contribute to bb and submit pr at end of session
                - semester 2
                - working on development containers
                - pull container, vscode with right extentions etc

    - ### PRO Update:
        - no updates
        
    - ### GDO Update:
        - thanks for weekend help
            
    - ### First Year Rep Update:
        - happy to be here
    - ### Ordinary Member Update:
        - no updates
        
    - ### Common Room Committee Update:
        - gavin's office
            - have 600 euro approved for common room
            - he will look after dishwasher and other stuff
            - need to provide space heater ourselves
            - drying rack, shelving, etc
            - 4 shelevs free we can put in whenever
            - can get people to put them in
            - funded by faculty, school of engineering, ece, computing
            - tv won't be paid for
            - faculty tends to throw out tvs, if he gets one, it's ours
                
- ## Points of Discusion:
    - hoodies
        - form has been sent out
    - blueblock hoodies
        - advertised as same as rb hoodie, but blue
        - can get it changed (zipper)
        - hoodies same as previous years
        - could email all blueblock list
        - options are, rb hoodie but blue, or hoodie with no zip
        - decided: 
        - `sysadmin` asked for same hoodie, but in a blue colour, all mentions of rb to bb
        - ^ forward hoodie email to cmt
        - `sysadmin` - clarify that it is a zip**
