# 2021-10-18 Agenda
---

__Start Date:__ 18-10-2021
__Present:__ `chair`,  `ordinary-member`, `sysadmin` `events`, `ordinary-member`, `gdo`, `pro`, `helpdesk`, `sysadmin`, `helpdesk`, `treasurer`, `events`, `webmaster`, `vice-chair`, `first-year-rep`
__Absent:__  `sysadmin`,
__Excused:__

---

|    Person    |    Year    |
|--------------|------------|
|    `chair`    |    4th     |
|    `vice-chair`   |    4th     |
|    `treasurer`     |    4th     |
|    `ordinary-member`     |    4th     |
|    `secretary`     |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`     |    3rd     |
|    `webmaster`  |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    3rd     |
|    `events`    |    3rd     |
|    `ordinary-member`  |    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`|    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`     |    3rd     |
|    `gdo`     |    3rd     |
|    `pro`     |    3rd     |
|    `events`   |    2nd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    2nd     |
|    `first-year-rep`       |    1st     |


# Agenda:

- Redbrick services on DCU wifi:
    - Any updates from C&S/ISS ?

- Admins:
    - Any updates?
        - Palo Alto
        - maintenance?
        - DCUfm (`chair`)

- `events`:
    - How did Stripe go?
    - Plans for lightning talks event?
    - ideas for halloween
       - costume competition (prizes) ?
       - Scary code talk again? - `sysadmin`
       - Pizza / candy? (since it's after 22ndx)
    - Evervault updates? (should be 3rd Nov)
    - Moving `events` to 1pm-2pm after october (`events`)
    - Any updates?

- Hackerclub:
    - How did it go?
    - Dual booting updates?

- Budget 2021/22
    - Any Updates?

- Week 5 mail:
    - Anything needed to be added?

- Committee introduction on socials

- BDO & `pro` workshop Wednesday 2pm-3pm (`events`)

- 25th anniversary
     - vote for subcommittee

- merch subcommittee? (`events`)

- Croom (common room)
     - It's back!
     - Common room committee
     - Keycards
     - `treasurer` room
     - Limited to 24 people
     - Don't advertise it! 
---


# Minutes: 
 - Redbrick services on DCU wifi:
    - No update yet

- Admins:
    - follow up for keys
    - Palo Alto: working with a rep, call soon
    - maintenance: went well, main parts done, vm for students a possibility
    - DCUfm: `chair`, `sysadmin`, `ordinary-member` will try to fix these network issues

- `events`:
    - Stripe: not as good, too technical for many attending, turn out was good.
    - lightning talks: good to go, 1 or 2 more talks needed
    - Pizza / candy? (since it's after 22ndx)
    - ideas for halloween
       - costume competition (prizes) ?
    - Scary code talk 27th
    - Evervault updates: (should be 3rd Nov)
    - `events` to 1pm-2pm after october possibility

- Hackerclub:
    - went well, went a bit through the slides too fast
    - dualbooting: 3 32gb usbs for this thursday

- Budget 2021/22
    - been released but it hasnt been, emailed about this issue.

- Week 5 mail:
    - fix dates, add form, adding laptop to hackerclub

- Committee introduction on socials
    - waiting on a few photos, will make it afterwards

- BDO & `pro` workshop Wednesday 2pm-3pm (`events`)
    - `pro` and `gdo` will attend

- 25th anniversary
     - `events`, `events`, `gdo`, `vice-chair`, `first-year-rep`, `webmaster`, `pro`, `ordinary-member` working on it
     - channel on discord

- merch subcommittee? (`events`)
    - old merch will stay but new merch
    - `events`, `gdo`, `first-year-rep`, `treasurer` will be in charge.

- Croom (common room)
     - It's back!
     - Common room committee
     - Keycards
     - `treasurer` room
     - Limited to 24 people
     - Don't advertise it! 
     - `treasurer`, `vice-chair` `helpdesk`
---

# AOB:
- Merch store setting it up
- Happy Monday!!!
---

# Action Items:
- INTEREST FORM FOR SERVICES
- `chair` needs to contact `oldmittie` to take keys and charger from previous year.
- Keys for Admins!! WE NEED MORE !!!!

