# 2021-11-1 Agenda
---

__Start Date:__ 1-11-2021
__Present:__ `chair`, `sysadmin` `events`, `ordinary-member`, `gdo`, `pro`, `helpdesk`, `treasurer`, `sysadmin`, `webmaster`, `events`, `first-year-rep`,  `sysadmin`, `ordinary-member`,
__Absent:__ 
__Excused:__ `helpdesk`, `vice-chair`,

---

|    Person    |    Year    |
|--------------|------------|
|    `chair`    |    4th     |
|    `vice-chair`   |    4th     |
|    `treasurer`     |    4th     |
|    `ordinary-member`     |    4th     |
|    `secretary`     |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`     |    3rd     |
|    `webmaster`  |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    3rd     |
|    `events`    |    3rd     |
|    `ordinary-member`  |    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`|    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`     |    3rd     |
|    `gdo`     |    3rd     |
|    `pro`     |    3rd     |
|    `events`   |    2nd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    2nd     |
|    `first-year-rep`       |    1st     |


# Agenda:

- Redbrick services on DCU wifi:
    - Any updates from C&S/ISS ?
        - have been ghosted as of 11am on Monday 1st, email sent on Thursday 21st Oct

- Admins:
    - DCUfm fixed?
        - Whatsapp group made
    - PayPal
        - Phone call with `DCU Student Life` - happened at 1pm, went very well - brief update in cmt chat

- `events`:
    - How did Scary code go?
    - `rootholder`'s talk
    - evervault (maybe next semester)
    - Anime x Redbrick pub quiz? (`events`)
    - Arista 
        - pizza?
    - Any updates?

- Hackerclub:
    - How did it go?

- Budget 2021/22
    - Any Updates?

- Week 6 mail:
    - Anything needed to be added?

- Committee introduction on socials
    - Any updates

- SISTEM Updates:
    - Updates
    - Graphics Team
    - Website Team

---

# AOB:
- Happy Monday!!!
- # 2-3pm tuesday/wednesday drop-in with C&S
---

# Minutes: 

- Redbrick services on DCU wifi:
    - have been ghosted as of 11am on Monday 1st, email sent on Thursday 21st Oct

- Admins:
    - DCUfm: Whatsapp group made, temporary fix possible if urgent
    - PayPal: Phone call with `DCU Student Life` - happened at 1pm, went very well - brief update in cmt chat, hopeful to have access on it soon. (clarification on how can we use our funds)

- `events`:
    - Scary code: Went well, good turnout
    - `rootholder`'s talk: 1-2pm l128, no pizza
    - evervault - definitely next semester
    - Arista hopefully pizza and in the U.
    - Anime x Redbrick pub quiz? (`events`) - can be run as well as main Wed event.
    - Any updates?

- Hackerclub:
    - How did it go?
        - Pretty well
        - Attendance has remained stable
        - Eager for Kattis

- Budget 2021/22
    - Any Updates?
        - Chat to C&S, not getting it yet because of inventory
        - Inventory can be done this evening.

- Week 6 mail:
    - Anything needed to be added?
        - test driven development, help in college

- Committee introduction on socials
    - Template made, will be done soon enough

- SISTEM Updates:
    - Updates 26-27 Feburary, hybrid approach, live in person and camera, in dublin, more convenient, trinity,ucd,dcu all possibilites 
    - Graphics Team
    - Website Team
---

# Action Items:
- INTEREST FORM FOR SERVICES
- Keys for Admins!! WE NEED MORE !!!!

