# 2021-10-26 Agenda
---

__Start Date:__ 26-10-2021
__Present:__ `chair`, `ordinary-member`, `sysadmin` `events`, `ordinary-member`, `gdo`, `pro`, `helpdesk`, `helpdesk`, `treasurer`, `vice-chair`, `sysadmin`, `webmaster`
__Absent:__ `sysadmin`,
__Excused:__ `events`, `first-year-rep`

---

|    Person    |    Year    |
|--------------|------------|
|    `chair`    |    4th     |
|    `vice-chair`   |    4th     |
|    `treasurer`     |    4th     |
|    `ordinary-member`     |    4th     |
|    `secretary`     |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`     |    3rd     |
|    `webmaster`  |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    3rd     |
|    `events`    |    3rd     |
|    `ordinary-member`  |    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`|    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`     |    3rd     |
|    `gdo`     |    3rd     |
|    `pro`     |    3rd     |
|    `events`   |    2nd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    2nd     |
|    `first-year-rep`       |    1st     |


# Agenda:

- Redbrick services on DCU wifi:
    - Any updates from C&S/ISS ?

- Admins:
    - Any updates?
        - Palo Alto
    - DCUfm fixed?

- `events`:
    - How did lightning talks go?
    - Everything sorted for scary code?
    - Any updates?

- Hackerclub:
    - How did it go?

- Budget 2021/22
    - Any Updates?

- Week 6 mail:
    - Anything needed to be added?

- Committee introduction on socials
    - Any updates

---


# Minutes: 

- Redbrick services on DCU wifi:
    - Nope, email sent. Not on our end (firewall).

- Admins:
    - Palo Alto: 2-3k per year. Serial number needed from `rootholder`. 
    - DCUfm: email thread going forward. 

- `events`:
    - Lightning talks: Went great. Camera charger needed from `oldmittie`.
    - Scary code: Post the event form later today. 
    - Costume competition: Over discord, top 3 most voted will get justeat vouchers
    - evervault: no response, `rootholder` can do a talk as a backup. 1pm 

- Hackerclub:
    - dual booting: pretty well. very casual full 2hours
    - programming based hackerclub, checking sedge's old slides

- Budget 2021/22
    - Still no update

- Week 6 mail:
    - nothing

- Committee introduction on socials
    - not yet, soon enough!

---

# AOB:
- Merch store setting it up
- Happy Monday!!!
---

# Action Items:
- INTEREST FORM FOR SERVICES
- `chair` needs to contact `oldmittie` to take keys and charger from previous year.
- Keys for Admins!! WE NEED MORE !!!!

