# 2021-11-15 Agenda
---

__Start Date:__ 15-11-2021
__Present:__ `chair`, `sysadmin`, `events`, `gdo`, `pro`, `ordinary-member`, `helpdesk`, `events`, `ordinary-member`, `helpdesk`, `treasurer`, `webmaster`, `sysadmin`
__Absent:__ `vice-chair`, `sysadmin`
__Excused:__ `secretary`, `first-year-rep`

---

|    Person    |    Year    |
|--------------|------------|
|    `chair`    |    4th     |
|    `vice-chair`   |    4th     |
|    `treasurer`     |    4th     |
|    `ordinary-member`     |    4th     |
|    `secretary`     |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`     |    3rd     |
|    `webmaster`  |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    3rd     |
|    `events`    |    3rd     |
|    `ordinary-member`  |    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`|    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`     |    3rd     |
|    `gdo`     |    3rd     |
|    `pro`     |    3rd     |
|    `events`   |    2nd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    2nd     |
|    `first-year-rep`       |    1st     |


# Agenda:

- Admins:
    - Firewall / redbrick on dcu wifi fixed ?
    - PayPal updates?
    - The Look
    - Keys

- `events`:
    - How did Arista talk go?
    - Hubspot ready?
    - `oldmittie` helping the 25th
    - general plan for when things should be done by
    - any updates? 

- Hackerclub:
    - How did it go?

- Budget 2021/22
    - Any Updates?

- Week 9 mail:
    - Anything needed to be added?
    - Try circulate email/event info earlier? 

- Social media:
    - Any updates?
    - Committee Intros?

- SISTEM Update:
    - Location

---

# AOB:
- Happy Monday!!!
- Windows being open in common room.
---

# Minutes: 

- `chair` says hello

- Admins:
    - Firewall / redbrick on dcu wifi fixed ?
        - new was installed
        - slight issues with c&s but was fixed
        - `sysadmin` has been in contact about wifi issues
        - is a way for us to show the issue is on iss end 
    - PayPal updates?
        - no new updates
        - `sysadmin` is in contact
    - The Look
        - what they want to host
        - possible meeting happened today, must talk to `sysadmin` about it
    - Keys
        -  no response
        -  will be in contact about this and paypal
    - mailing list
        - rules in regards to who can get the mails
        - send a mail with a warning that people who didnt pay wont get the mail anymore
        - over the break, the annoanuce will be put out about who wont be getting any more mail

- `events`:
    - How did Arista talk go?
        - very good
        - 1pm slot seems to be better for attence
        - talk was a bit heavy but the speaker tried to dumb it down
        - can give arista feedback about the talk
        - `events` will send email wil feedback
        - 19 people gave their email for arista
        - people like the 1pm time more
    - Hubspot ready?
        - no pizza
        - the room is booked, l128
        - poster is needed
        - watch party, needs to be clear that its not in person
        - 1pm slot again
    - `oldmittie` helping the 25th
        - `oldmittie` approached `events` about helping out
        - `oldmittie` was the `events` officer last year and would love to help out
        - committee has no issues and are ok with `oldmittie` helping
    - general plan for when things should be done by
        - have a general deadline everyone knows when things needed done by
        - begining of semester was a mess which made `events` late
        - can you post it event without poster?
            - can post a basic poster without details
        - friday is hard to upload as its approved on monday
        - should be planning 2 weeks out so we have the details nail down before the meeting
        - try to get details in advance, have more details for the provisional event plan
        - have empty basic posters prepared before next semester
    - any updates? 
        - possible google talk with `events`'s sister
        - using the `events` tab on discord
            - can link it to an external website
            - `events`, `pro` and `events` can talk about and agree on who will do it
            - can be apart of the discussion of the workflow of `events`
            - over the break, discuss over the workflow of `events` and discord
            - committee need permission to make event on discord

- Hackerclub:
    - How did it go?
        - helped the first years with a wide range of topics
        - interested in discord bots
        - about 12-15 people, solid numbers are coming each week even though its close to the end of semester
        - yet to decide on what this week's talk is
        - will we do it on week 10?
            - will go ahead
        - more active on 1st year discord

- issues with the chirstms party due to covid numbers
    - more restrictions on campus
    - all `events` on campus have more restrictions but no info so far
    - possibly quiz as it can be in person or online
    - quiz or big party?
        - check with c&s if it feasible possibly
        - booking the slipper or someone else
        - try to get an external venue and see if anime will join us
            - if we cant do that, quiz in one of the labs
        - slipper usually in the evening and we pay for food platters
        - talk to `vice-chair` if theres a slipper contact
        - thursday is the best day as people go home friday and the toy show is on friday

- Budget 2021/22
    - Any Updates?
        - it has been released
        - `chair` and `treasurer` will discuss and let everyone know next week
        - on the surface, it looks pretty good

- Week 9 mail:
    - Anything needed to be added?
        - event with hubspot needs to be added
        - hackerclub needs to be added
        - feedback form on redbrick services, `sysadmin` was looking at that
            - can send over christmas
        - leave the admin annoanounace about removing people from the mailing list out
            - will be sent out over the break
    - Try circulate email/event info earlier? 

- Social media:
    - Any updates?
    - Committee Intros?
        - completed
        - on the discord for everyone to see
        - no objections so will be relased on wednesday
        - 3 posts all posted an hour apart
    - have posts about `events` on a monday or earlier
    - theres more attence for hackerclub when the annonounce is sent out earlier in the day
        - the morning of is the best time so people might come in for it

- SISTEM Update:
    - Location
        - has been decided and will be in UCD again
        - the general consenus was that UCD school of computing are fulling support it and they were ganintered to use the buildings
        - Trinity didn't respond fast enough about whether buildings could be booked relibly 
    - ticket sale date havent been decided
        - last year it was 3 weeks before
        - social media posts were a month before
- AOB
    - Happy Monday!!!
    - Windows being open in common room.
        - anime soc borrowed the mircowave
        - the window was broken
            - eng soc is dealing with it
            - it will be fixed, eng soc had someone in to look at
        - discord server is being discussed to open to all the members

---

# Action Items:
- INTEREST FORM FOR SERVICES
- Keys for Admins!! WE NEED MORE !!!!

