# 2021-11-8 Agenda
---

__Start Date:__ 8-11-2021
__Present:__ `chair`, `sysadmin`, `events`, `gdo`, `pro`, `first-year-rep`, `ordinary-member`, `helpdesk`, `sysadmin`, `events`, `ordinary-member`, `helpdesk`,
__Absent:__ 
__Excused:__ `treasurer`, `webmaster`, `sysadmin`, `vice-chair`,

---

|    Person    |    Year    |
|--------------|------------|
|    `chair`    |    4th     |
|    `vice-chair`   |    4th     |
|    `treasurer`     |    4th     |
|    `ordinary-member`     |    4th     |
|    `secretary`     |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`     |    3rd     |
|    `webmaster`  |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    3rd     |
|    `events`    |    3rd     |
|    `ordinary-member`  |    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`|    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`     |    3rd     |
|    `gdo`     |    3rd     |
|    `pro`     |    3rd     |
|    `events`   |    2nd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    2nd     |
|    `first-year-rep`       |    1st     |


# Agenda:

- Redbrick services on DCU wifi:
    - Any updates from C&S/ISS ?

- Admins:
    - DCUfm fixed?
    - PayPal updates?
    - The Look
    - Keys

- `events`:
    - How did `rootholder`'s talk go?
    - Everything okay for Arista 
        - pizza?
    - Any updates?

- Hackerclub:
    - How did it go?

- Budget 2021/22
    - Any Updates?

- Week 8 mail:
    - Anything needed to be added?

- Committee introduction on socials
    - Any updates

---

# AOB:
- Happy Monday!!!
- Windows were open in the common room, rain didnt seem to get in looks good.
---

# Minutes: 

- Redbrick services on DCU wifi:
    - Nope no response, firewall switch being brought in to update the old one being brought in by `rootholder`. multiple societies have been messed over by iss. Email again if not maybe consider going to the higher ups.

- Admins:
    - DCUfm no updates
    - PayPal no updates yet
    - Palo alto gave a number which doesnt work
    - will talk to the look, we could host them
    - keys no update yet, brought around in circles for emails.

- `events`:
    - Bens talk - Went well. First years understood concepts quite well which is great.
    - Everything okay for Arista, waiting for room and clarification on refreshments. Potentially vouchers if pizza hard
    - Next week maybe hubspot, Joy from Hubspot can do Mon/Tues, if not Steph will find a new employee to do it on Wed

- Hackerclub:
    - It went pretty good, turnout was decent. 20 people (5 committee)
    - Plans for this week? Nothing certain

- Budget 2021/22
    - No update, inventory done.

- Week 8 mail:
    - Anything needed to be added? PIZZA PIZZA PIZZA PIZZA

- Committee introduction on socials
    - Nearly done, just 4 more bios to be done and will be up soon.
---

# Action Items:
- INTEREST FORM FOR SERVICES
- Keys for Admins!! WE NEED MORE !!!!

