# 2021-11-22 Agenda
---

__Start Date:__ 22-11-2021
__Present:__ `chair`, `sysadmin`, `events`, `gdo`, `pro`, `ordinary-member`, `helpdesk`, `events`, `ordinary-member`, `helpdesk`, `treasurer`, `webmaster`, `sysadmin`, `secretary`, `first-year-rep`, `sysadmin`, `vice-chair`
__Absent:__ 
__Excused:__

---

|    Person    |    Year    |
|--------------|------------|
|    `chair`    |    4th     |
|    `vice-chair`   |    4th     |
|    `treasurer`     |    4th     |
|    `ordinary-member`     |    4th     |
|    `secretary`     |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`     |    3rd     |
|    `webmaster`  |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    3rd     |
|    `events`    |    3rd     |
|    `ordinary-member`  |    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`|    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`     |    3rd     |
|    `gdo`     |    3rd     |
|    `pro`     |    3rd     |
|    `events`   |    2nd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    2nd     |
|    `first-year-rep`       |    1st     |


# Agenda:

- Admins:
    - Interest form
    - PayPal updates?
    - Keys
    - The Look
    - Common Room Signin
    - DNS FIXED AWAHWBHDBAHBDDAJWHD!!!!!

- `events`:
    - How did Hubspot talk go?
    - Christmas party
        - presents
        - santa (`secretary`)
    - raffle
        - budget update
           - prizes
    - general plan `events` have for the 25th
    - 2nd smester `events`
        - start emailing to get dates
    - discord channel for `events` officers only similar to admins (`events`)
    - any updates? 

- Hackerclub:
    - How did it go?

- Giving gifts out from last year:
    - Meeting with `Clubs & Socs` (`chair`)

- Associate Incident Discussion
    - `rootholder`, `rootholder`, threatened to take down redbrick over argument in CASE++ server.


---

# AOB:
- Happy Monday!!!
- discord server is being discussed to open to all the members
- merch (`events`)
---

# Minutes: 
- Admins:
    - DNS FIXED
    - Interest form - send with this weekly email.
    - No paypal updates
    - Keys being sorted
    - The look want the domain but not to be hosted by Redbrick
    - Common room, posted, ready to go once its working.
    - DCUFM works, Hackerclub now works with redbrick.

- `events`:
    - Hubspot, went alright, numbers low
    - Christmas party approved, presents needed and wrapped. 50 quid budget + cash
    - `secretary` (santa) elfs (`events` managers)
    - Most likely no raffle, c&s and budgetting kinda weird
    - 2nd semester `events`, plan for stuff, sort out budgets, big party in March!!! (20th birthday was ticketed but not at a cost)
    - 2nd semester `events` (amazon, microsoft, maybe google :))
    - private `events` channel

- Associate Incident Discussion
    - `rootholder`, `rootholder`, threatened to take down redbrick over argument in CASE++ server.

- Hackerclub:
    - Went well.

- Giving gifts out from last year:
    - 


---

# Action Items:
- INTEREST FORM FOR SERVICES
- Keys for Admins!! WE NEED MORE !!!!

