# 2021-10-11 Agenda
---

__Start Date:__ 11-10-2021
__Present:__ `chair`,  `ordinary-member`, `sysadmin` `events`, `ordinary-member`, `gdo`, `pro`, `helpdesk`, `sysadmin`, `helpdesk`, `sysadmin`, `treasurer`, `events`
__Absent:__ 
__Excused:__ `vice-chair`, `webmaster`,

---

|    Person    |    Year    |
|--------------|------------|
|    `chair`    |    4th     |
|    `vice-chair`   |    4th     |
|    `treasurer`     |    4th     |
|    `ordinary-member`     |    4th     |
|    `secretary`     |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`     |    3rd     |
|    `webmaster`  |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    3rd     |
|    `events`    |    3rd     |
|    `ordinary-member`  |    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`|    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`     |    3rd     |
|    `gdo`     |    3rd     |
|    `events`   |    2nd     |
|    `pro`     |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    2nd     |


# Agenda:

- Rebrick services on DCU wifi:
    - Any updates from C&S/ISS ?

- Admins:
    - did we email everyone about downtime?
    - Any updates?
        - Palo Alto
        - Email from `Clubs & Socs Panel Admin`
        - College view
        - Purchases
        - Server room keys

- `events`:
    - How did Intro to Redbrick go?
    - Plans for Galstem/Stripe event?
    - Dual booting (`treasurer`)
      - `vice-chair` has bought 3 32gb usbs in advance of this
    - ideas for halloween
       - costume competition (prizes) ?
       - Scary code talk again? 
       - Book nubar? 
    - lighting talks week 5
    - Any updates?
        - Contacting Evervault & HubSpot

- Hackerclub:
    - How did it go?

- Budget 2021/22
    - Any Updates?

- Week 4 mail:
    - Anything needed to be added?

- RB Account Passwords
    - Passwords are same as last year, and stored as pinned message in Discord chat
    - Change passwords and move to BitWarden?

- Committee introduction on socials

- Former committee role on discord

- 25th anniversary
     - Pick a subcommittee
     - Pick a date/time
---


# Minutes: 

- Re:brick services on DCU wifi:
    - Secured c&s as muscle, gonna email iss soon with c&s

- Admins:
    - emailed everyone about downtime.
    - `rootholder` will bring in a new switch - Palo Alto, needs to purchase a membership/license.
    - Email from `Clubs & Socs Panel Admin` - request timeouts, webhook to automate redbrick membership signup.
    - Label maker and usb conventer purchased.
    - Emailed `Clubs & Socs` about server keys, went to estates, they sent us to `Clubs & Socs`.

- `events`:
    - Intro to redbrick: pretty good not too bad
    - Plans for Galstem/Stripe event: add zoom link in email, waiting for confirmation and forms to be done.
    - Dual booting (`treasurer`)
      - `vice-chair` has bought 3 32gb usbs in advance of this
    - ideas for halloween
       - costume competition (prizes) ?
       - Scary code talk again? 
       - Book nubar? 
    - Lightning talks week 5
    - Contacting Evervault & HubSpot: week 7 event for evervault, week 9 for Hubspot

- Hackerclub:
    - pretty good, decent turnout
    - Hacktoberfest x git this week
    - dual boot next week

- Budget 2021/22
    - No updates, need to get equipment form done

- Week 4 mail:
    - No 

- RB Account Passwords
    - all are stored on pwsafe for admins
    - self host bitwarden for committee, only committeeish roles

- Committee introduction on socials
    - individual posts on instagram, 8 committee members per post. A picture role and description maybe.

- Former committee role on discord
    - Another role for old committee members.

- 25th anniversary
     - dcu president or person in charge of SOC.
     - big party for both professional and partyish.
     - subcommittee for party.
     - merch for 25th anniversary.
---

# AOB:
- DCUFM
- Merch store setting it up
- Happy Monday!!!
---

# Action Items:
- INTEREST FORM FOR SERVICES
- `chair` needs to contact `oldmittie` to take keys and charger from previous year.
- Keys for Admins!! WE NEED MORE !!!!

