# 2022-2-14 Agenda
---

__Start Date:__ 14-2-2022
__Present:__ `chair`, `sysadmin`, `events`, `pro`, `helpdesk`, `sysadmin`, `ordinary-member`, `vice-chair`, `gdo`, `treasurer`, `ordinary-member`
__Absent:__ `first-year-rep`
__Excused:__ `secretary`, `helpdesk`, `events`, `webmaster`

---

|    Person    |    Year    |
|--------------|------------|
|    `chair`    |    4th     |
|    `vice-chair`   |    4th     |
|    `treasurer`     |    4th     |
|    `secretary`     |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`     |    3rd     |
|    `webmaster`  |    3rd     |
|    `events`    |    3rd     |
|    `ordinary-member`  |    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`|    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`     |    3rd     |
|    `gdo`     |    3rd     |
|    `pro`     |    3rd     |
|    `events`   |    2nd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    2nd     |
|    `first-year-rep`       |    1st     |
|    `ordinary-member`    |    1st     |


# Agenda:

- `events`:
    - Hubspot how was it?
    - `sysadmin` talk?
    - 25th update

- Admins:
    - Any updates?

- Website Discussion
    - Has it gone live?
    -  Any updates?
 
- Hackerclub:
    - How did it go?
    - Any updates?

- `treasurer`
    - Has anything been resolved with debit card?
    - Receipts for pizza 
    - Using money for `events`
    - Signatories

- Merch 
    - Any updates

- SISTEM Update

---

# AOB:

- C&S Bystander Awareness Training
- Happy Monday!!!
- P.s. Happy Tuesday!

---

# Minutes: 

- `events`:
    - Hubspot how was it?
        - Went pretty well, decent turnout, pizza good.
        - HubSpot seem happy to come back next year.
    - `sysadmin` talk?
        - Everything sorted for it so far, on C&S tonight
        - Enough in money in cashbox for hackerclub and `sysadmin` talk?
            - Not for both likely
            - `sysadmin` can front the cost of pizza if needed
        - `sysadmin` is all set for talk, not fully a workshop but will have pauses to interact with people
    - Next week event - Arista competition
        - Arista is buying pizza
    - 25th update
        - We can go ahead with event 
        - C&S ticketsolve for tickets, need poster asap
        - Want to launch website, it is live
        - Tomorrow (feb 15th) for announcement

- Admins:
    - Any updates?
        - Server room is clean and organised
            - Thanks to `sysadmin`, `sysadmin`, `events`, `ordinary-member` and `helpdesk`
        - Email thread with ISS forwarded to committee, all sorted
        - The Look is nearly ready to go, need to point their website to redbrick
        - Mail is still a massive pain, docker container to cushion it for now. Lists gone. Looking into exporting lists from postgres.
        - Work on mail will be done this weekend.
        - Plan to use C&S mailing features as a stopgap

- Website Discussion
    - Has it gone live?
        - Birthday site is live
        - Main website is being dockerised.
        - Birthday timeline to be completed by `vice-chair`
        - `gdo` to look at banner for birthday website
    - Any updates?
 
- Hackerclub:
    - How did it go?
        - Went well, low attendance and expect it to stay the same for the semester
    - Any updates?
        - `ordinary-member` spoke about hackerclub at a first year lecture with high attendance
        - Not much conversion unfortunately
    - Pizza
        - One euro per person and attendance is now checked so if hackerclub attendance is too low we can't reimburse
        - Money from membership can pay for hackerclub pizza from next week, need to go to bank for that
        - One large pizza should be fine

- Using budget
    - Has anything been resolved with debit card?
        - Form is filled out, what names to put down?
        - Good to have `events` and/or admin
        - `sysadmin` and `sysadmin` put names forward
        - Going to put the question to committee announcements chat as small meeting
    - Receipts for pizza
        - Send any receipts to `treasurer`, going to attempt to reimburse
        - Once approved money is sent to bank account, `treasurer` takes money out of bank and reimburses people
    - Using money for `events`
        - Point raised in hackerclub about attendance changing how we order pizza
    - Signatories
        - Would be good to possibly change signatories before year end as fourth years leaving
    - Need to refill cash box with petty cash

- Merch 
    - Any updates?
        - Hoodies data collected, going to email hoodies place to inquire
        - Any extra committee hoodies let `treasurer` know
        - Looking to resolve cash issues with ordering prototypes

- SISTEM Update
    - All is good so far
    - Broke first day sales record
    - If you're interested in being there on the day and helping out let `sysadmin` or `chair` know and you'll get a crew shirt
    - Mention to your friends
    - Student lightning talks will be on, can sign up.
    - Comms school has equipment available to rent
        - Good to keep in mind for future `events` or sistem

- AOB
    - Heanet camera 
        - `vice-chair` to email esoteric
    - C&S Bystander Awareness Training
        - Email from `Clubs & Socs` because hosting big event soon
        - Committee should take part in this training
        - Training is on loop and zoom call sessions

---

# Action Items:

