# 2022-1-9 Agenda
---

__Start Date:__ 9-1-2022
__Present:__ `chair`, `sysadmin`, `events`, `gdo`, `pro`, `helpdesk`, `events`, `ordinary-member`, `helpdesk`, `treasurer`, `secretary`, `sysadmin`, `vice-chair`
__Absent:__  `first-year-rep`,
__Excused:__ `sysadmin`, `webmaster`,

---

|    Person    |    Year    |
|--------------|------------|
|    `chair`    |    4th     |
|    `vice-chair`   |    4th     |
|    `treasurer`     |    4th     |
|    `secretary`     |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`     |    3rd     |
|    `webmaster`  |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    3rd     |
|    `events`    |    3rd     |
|    `ordinary-member`  |    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`|    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`     |    3rd     |
|    `gdo`     |    3rd     |
|    `pro`     |    3rd     |
|    `events`   |    2nd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    2nd     |
|    `first-year-rep`       |    1st     |


# Agenda:

- Happy New Year! xoxox

- Admins:
    - RB Services Status (`chair`)
        - Review/Update
        - Is everything online?
    - Any other updates?

- `events`:
    - SEM2 Outline + review of workflow (`chair`)
    - Week 1 Status (`chair`)
    - 25th Anniversary Status (`chair`)
    - EGM (for ordinary member)
    - Any updates?

- Hackerclub:
    - Any plans for sem 2?

- Using budget
    - Summer 21 gifts?
    - Streaming equipment with laptop (`sysadmin`)
    - Reimbursing Christmas party (`treasurer`) 
    - Pizza at `events`? (`treasurer`) 
    - Time to buy all that was approved! (`treasurer`) 

- C&S membership renewal
    - Do we need to get people to pay again?

- Merch (`sysadmin`)

- Website Situation (`chair`)

- SEM2 Cmt Meeting Time/Day (`chair`)
    - Discuss
    - Vote / Doodle?
    - Booking room for semester

---

# AOB:
- Happy Sunday!!!
- P.s. Happy Tuesday! 

---

# Minutes: 

- Admins:
    - RB Services Status is basically fully online except ssh
    - Redbrick has become more secure
    - `sysadmin` to go to C&S to get a little money (10k)

- `events`:
    - SEM2 Outline is up + hoping to get mail/posts up faster
    - week 1 games event could get games from games soc
    - 25th Anniversary, 12th of march, will talk to ash about some possibilities, more info in a week or 2.
    - 25th Website to be made/organized too.
    - EGM week 2 before bot workshop

- Hackerclub:
    - Week 1 will go ahead

- Using budget
    - We can proceed with summer 21 gifts since we have paypal open.
    - Reimburse `rootholder`
    - Lapel microphones for hybrid `events`
    - Reimbursing christmas party
    - Time to buy everything approved in the budget

- C&S membership renewal
    - Membership will carry over.

- Merch (`sysadmin`)
    - Hoodies to be done asap (`helpdesk`, `chair`, `treasurer`, `events`, `gdo`)

- Website Situation (`chair`)
    - N/A

- SEM2 Cmt Meeting Time/Day (`chair`)
    - Discuss
    - Vote / Doodle?
    - Booking room for semester
---

# Action Items:

