# 2022-3-21 Agenda
---

__Start Date:__ 21-3-2022
__Present:__ `chair`, `pro`, `ordinary-member`, `gdo`, `ordinary-member`, `helpdesk`, `events`, `sysadmin`, `secretary`, `webmaster` (`sysadmin`, `helpdesk`)
__Absent:__  `first-year-rep`,
__Excused:__ `events`, `vice-chair`, `treasurer`,

---

|    Person    |    Year    |
|--------------|------------|
|    `chair`    |    4th     |
|    `vice-chair`   |    4th     |
|    `treasurer`     |    4th     |
|    `secretary`     |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`     |    3rd     |
|    `webmaster`  |    3rd     |
|    `events`    |    3rd     |
|    `ordinary-member`  |    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`  |    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`     |    3rd     |
|    `gdo`     |    3rd     |
|    `pro`     |    3rd     |
|    `events`   |    2nd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    2nd     |
|    `first-year-rep`       |    1st     |
|    `ordinary-member`    |    1st     |


# Agenda:

- `events`:
    - Evervault how did it go?
    - AGM ready to go?
        - pizza?
        - Prep for handover (`chair`)
    - Table Quiz
        - poster
        - socials(?)
    - 25th Photos to be shared

- Admins:
    - Any updates?

- Hackerclub:
    - How did it go?
    - Plans for this week?

- Using budget
    - Any updates?
    - Prizes?

- C&S Awards
    - Free ticket decision (`chair`)

- Hoodies
    - Update on payments?

---

# AOB:

- Happy Monday!!!
- P.s. Happy Tuesday!
- Best society of 2021/22 Straight FAX NO CAP

---

# Minutes: 

Started at 18:35
If a member finds any changes to make to the constitution, list em.

- `events`:
    - Evervault; low attendance but understanding. People were engaged.
    - AGM; All the exams are done and its ready to go, plus pizza, for committee ensuring you help the new committee members and giving them a good introduction to the role
    - Change to the AGM; adding the exam roles above the other roles as people would most likely go for another role if they dont get the exam role eg Admin, `helpdesk`, `webmaster`, `chair`, etc.
    - Tablequiz; waiting for poster from next `gdo`, writing the quiz needs to be done and waiting to see if we can host it in NuBar. Quiz on paper rather than kahoot.
    - 25th Photos; uploaded a couple not all of them yet. Sharing from `events` google drive rather than committee account. Drive will be shared soon.

- Admins:
    - Nothing has happened. Some Plans for some cool stuff since `sysadmin` isnt working yet.

- Hackerclub:
    - Pretty good, good banter.
    - Same plan for this week, more casual.

- Using budget
    - Send the forms to `Clubs & Socs` and should be fine

- C&S Awards
    - Only 1 complimentary ticket per society this year. Will probably split the price of the extra ticket between members.

- Merch update
    - Nothing yet. 

- Hoodies
    - Email will be sent out to people for payment

---

# Action Items:

