# 2022-1-31 Agenda
---

__Start Date:__ 31-1-2022
__Present:__ `chair`, `sysadmin`, `events`, `pro`, `helpdesk`, `events`, `ordinary-member`, `helpdesk`, `treasurer`, `secretary`, `sysadmin`, `first-year-rep`, `ordinary-member`
__Absent:__
__Excused:__ `webmaster`, `vice-chair`, `gdo`

---

|    Person    |    Year    |
|--------------|------------|
|    `chair`    |    4th     |
|    `vice-chair`   |    4th     |
|    `treasurer`     |    4th     |
|    `secretary`     |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`     |    3rd     |
|    `webmaster`  |    3rd     |
|    `events`    |    3rd     |
|    `ordinary-member`  |    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`|    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`     |    3rd     |
|    `gdo`     |    3rd     |
|    `pro`     |    3rd     |
|    `events`   |    2nd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    2nd     |
|    `first-year-rep`       |    1st     |
|    `ordinary-member`    |    1st     |


# Agenda:

- `events`:
    - How did the event go?
    - Lightning talks?
    - HubSpot
    - 25th update?
        - Website review
    - Anything else?

- Admins:
    - Any updates?
    - The Look
    - The College View
    - Wiki
    - 

- Website Discussion (`chair`)
    - Any updates?
 
- Hackerclub:
    - How did it go?
    - Plan for this week?

- Using budget
    - Any updates?

- Merch 
    - Hoodies update?
    - Good to go on ordering prototypes?
    - Any updates?

- Discord
    - Cleaning up the discord, unused channels.

- Google Drive (`vice-chair`)
    - Enterprise account; committee group to allow smooth transition & no ownership issues

---

# AOB:
- Happy Monday!!!
- P.s. Happy Tuesday! 
---

# Minutes: 

- `events`:
    - Turn up was low due to sap talk, went decent other than that
    - Lightning talks, 4 people signed up, other people are backups
    - Hubspot; no title and desc yet, day in the life of a softeng 
    - 25th update; josh hasnt been helpful, 500 from our pocket and c&s, roughly 750eur

- Admins:
    - ISS to get thelook site
    - wiki fixed minus login
    - collegeview is all well
    - no follow up on a card to purchase servers

- Website Discussion (`chair`)
    - Removing donation button from 25th anniversary website.
    - Timelines been updated on the site, just needs a banner and logo now to complete
 
- Hackerclub:
    - Intro to docker for tomorrow. PIZZA for tomorrow yummy

- Using budget
    - Waiting on a debit card

- Merch 
    - Interest form was filled out, mug will change to a 1 brick
    - Giving 

- Discord
    - Unused channels will be deleted

- Google Drive (`vice-chair`)
    - Upgraded to be able to utilize it fully, no objections.

---

# Action Items:

