# 2022-3-28 Agenda
---

__Start Date:__ 28-3-2022
__Present:__ `secretary`, `sysadmin`, `ordinary-member`, `helpdesk`, `sysadmin`, `chair`, `sysadmin`, `events`, `ordinary-member`, `gdo`, `webmaster`, `secretary`, `chair`, `treasurer`, `vice-chair`, `treasurer`, `gdo`, `events`
__Absent:__ `first-year-rep`
__Excused:__ `pro`, `helpdesk`, `webmaster`, `ordinary-member`

---

|    Person    |    Year    |
|--------------|------------|
|    `chair`    |    4th     |
|    `vice-chair`   |    4th     |
|    `treasurer`     |    4th     |
|    `gdo`     |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`     |    3rd     |
|    `ordinary-member`    |    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`  |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`     |    3rd     |
|    `pro`     |    3rd     |
|    `ordinary-member`  |    3rd     |
|    `chair`   |    2nd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    2nd     |
|    `events`     |    2nd     |
|    `ordinary-member`    |    1st     |
|    `treasurer`   |    1st     |
|    `unknown-committee-position`? |    1st     |
|    `webmaster`      |    1st     |
|    `helpdesk`  |    1st     |
|    `events`?  |    1st     |
|    `secretary`?      |    1st     |


# Agenda:

- Admins:
    - Any updates?

- Hackerclub:
    - How did it go?
    - Plans for this week?

- Using budget
    - Any updates on forms?
    - Prizes?

- `events`
    - How'd the AGM go?
    - Table quiz update 
    - Games Night 

- C&S Awards
    - Any updates?

- Hoodies
    - Has email been sent out for payment?

---

# AOB:
- Meeting next week!!!
- Happy Monday!!!
- P.s. Happy Tuesday!
- We will miss you all 21/22mmittee

---

# Minutes: 

Started at 18:13
If a member finds any changes to make to the constitution, list em.

- `events`:
    - AGM; Went pretty well, quorom issue cause we needed 10% resulted in a late start for the AGM.
    - Table quiz; Moved cause its too late now. Games night this week instead. Alumni could come down for table quiz if given enough time.
    - Games night will be continued during the summer but it wont be recorded in the system.

- Admins:
    - Sent email to Una about servers, must submit through C&S management system. C&S payment is last step as we already have dell invoice
    - IRC bridge is down, in the process of getting it back up.
    - Mail will be fixed during the summer :D

- Hackerclub:
    - It was pretty chill, issues with pizza cause of phone.
    - No more hackerclub this week sadly

- Using budget
    - Got to `Clubs & Socs` (craziest experience). 
    - Forms are signed, Someone was asleep so sadly we werent able to go to the bank today.
    - We will have the debit card for next year.
    - We have signups from last year and this year (Lots of money on our paypal and the signups)
    - We will be able to pay for games nights prizes from last year!!!

- C&S Awards
    - 5th of April, `chair` got the raffled ticket! 
    - Tickets will be emailed to people nominated.

- Merch update
    - Nothing yet. 

- Hoodies
    - Hit up `Hoodie Supplier`, `Hoodie Supplier` hasn't updated us after sending details about full zip. Waiting for an update before taking payment.

---

# Action Items:

