# 2022-1-24 Agenda
---

__Start Date:__ 24-1-2022
__Present:__ `chair`, `sysadmin`, `events`, `gdo`, `pro`, `helpdesk`, `events`, `ordinary-member`, `helpdesk`, `treasurer`, `secretary`, `sysadmin`, `vice-chair`, `webmaster`, `first-year-rep`, `ordinary-member`
__Absent:__
__Excused:__ 

---

|    Person    |    Year    |
|--------------|------------|
|    `chair`    |    4th     |
|    `vice-chair`   |    4th     |
|    `treasurer`     |    4th     |
|    `secretary`     |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`     |    3rd     |
|    `webmaster`  |    3rd     |
|    `events`    |    3rd     |
|    `ordinary-member`  |    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`|    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`     |    3rd     |
|    `gdo`     |    3rd     |
|    `pro`     |    3rd     |
|    `events`   |    2nd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    2nd     |
|    `first-year-rep`       |    1st     |
|    `ordinary-member`    |    1st     |


# Agenda:

- `events`:
    - How did the EGM go?
    - How did the event go?
    - `oldmittie`'s talk
    - Lighting talk announcement
    - 25th update
    - 25th photo
    - brainstorm Tuesday
    - Planning AGM (`chair`)
    - Any updates?

- Admins:
    - Any updates?

- Website Discussion (`chair`)
    - Opinions on current site?
    - 25th website (`events`)
 
- Hackerclub:
    - Plans for this week?

- Using budget
    - Any updates?

- Merch 
    - merch update (`events`)

- `pro`
    - Femsoc and SU: Sexual violence awareness board on Instagram

---

# AOB:
- Happy Monday!!!
- P.s. Happy Tuesday! 
- Hashcode hub set up?

---

# Minutes: 

- `events`:
    - Egm went well, `ordinary-member` was elected
    - event went well,
    - `oldmittie`'s talk is ready
    - lightning talk for next week, add the form to the mail to get people to present talks
    - 25th plans have been a bit finicky with c&s. Hoping to get nubar confirmed on paper for c&s. 200ish people with restrictions.
    - 25th meeting friday to finalise some bits and pieces.
    - Tomorrow, brainstorm ideas for talks or `events` for sem 2
    - AGM week after 25th anniversary, 23rd of march, get it promoted sooner rather than later.

- Admins:
    - Fixed collegeview for the forseeable future
    - thelook same issues as collegeview, emailing iss needed for fixing the issues
    - approval for servers and the rest, purchasing is the next step
    - airconditioning not turned on in server room,
    - mailman in shambles

- Website Discussion (`chair`)
    - website needs minor fixes before being ready to be up
    - donations button might need to be discussed
    - wiki can be dumped onto the site
 
- Hackerclub:
    - plan to go ahead this week, redoing plan from last week. Up on c&s ready to go

- Using budget
    - last year prizes cant be paid by c&s but can paid by society cards 
    - `oldmittie` got back to us, charger and key for money box.
    - will order past year prizes soon


- Merch 
    - order prototypes/samples to see if quality is good

- `pro`
    - Sexual violence awareness board, 5 minute explaining it before our event and sharing it on social media.

---

# Action Items:

