# 2022-2-21 Agenda
---

__Start Date:__ 21-2-2022
__Present:__ `chair`, `events`, `pro`, `sysadmin`, `ordinary-member`, `vice-chair`, `gdo`, `treasurer`, `ordinary-member`, `secretary`, `helpdesk`,
__Absent:__  `first-year-rep`,
__Excused:__ `sysadmin`, `helpdesk`, `events`, `webmaster`,

---

|    Person    |    Year    |
|--------------|------------|
|    `chair`    |    4th     |
|    `vice-chair`   |    4th     |
|    `treasurer`     |    4th     |
|    `secretary`     |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`     |    3rd     |
|    `webmaster`  |    3rd     |
|    `events`    |    3rd     |
|    `ordinary-member`  |    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`|    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`     |    3rd     |
|    `gdo`     |    3rd     |
|    `pro`     |    3rd     |
|    `events`   |    2nd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    2nd     |
|    `first-year-rep`       |    1st     |
|    `ordinary-member`    |    1st     |


# Agenda:

- `events`:
    - `sysadmin` talk, how did it go?
    - Arista talk ready to go?
    - 25th update

- Admins:
    - Any updates?

- Website Discussion
    - Any updates?
 
- Hackerclub:
    - Any updates?

- `treasurer`
    - Choosing names for debit card (`treasurer`)
    - Trip to bank (`treasurer`)

- Merch 
    - Hoodie email sent and reply received (`treasurer`)
    - Mailing list needed for hoodies (`treasurer`) 
    - Any updates?


---

# AOB:

- C&S Bystander Awareness Training
- Happy Monday!!!
- P.s. Happy Tuesday!
- Heanet camera 
- C&S Bystander Awareness Training
    - Email from `Clubs & Socs` because hosting big event soon
    - Committee should take part in this training
    - Training is on loop and zoom call sessions

---

# Minutes: 

- `events`:
    - `sysadmin` talk; went well, attendance was very low compared to usual (19). Was a bit long. Pizza was a saviour. Having a finished version of code in case live-coding doesnt go great.
    - Arista talk; ready to go, lots of pizza for everyone coming. Socials are ready to go at 7PM.
    - 25th update; tickets ready to go out on Friday. Promote it on socials.

- Admins:
    - Nothing was done this week in terms of mail, `rootholder` and `rootholder` will help to get it back up and running.
    - No update for Card from C&S - follow up email scheduled to send
    - No update for The look from ISS - follow up email scheduled to send.

- Website Discussion
    - Updated 25th website further, Changed the theme from suggestions
    - Main site has been dockerized, waiting for the admins to ensure that it is.

- Hackerclub:
    - Last week attendance was 8 people. Was a mini Kattis competition, planning to do similar this week.

- Using budget
    - Choosing names for debit card; settling on `events` and `sysadmin` for longevitiy reasons. Should get a debit card soon hopefully :).
    - Trip to the bank this week as we are running out of money. Possibly this week or on the latest, Monday.

- Merch 
    - Hoodie email sent and reply received fast, prices are similar other than 1 or 2 euro for names on arm, quoted for 46 hoodies.
    - Mailing list needed for hoodie orders. Ideally sent out today or tomorrow to get orders back as soon as possible. Hopefully send the email for the hoodie order on Monday.

---

# Action Items:

