# 2022-1-17 Agenda
---

__Start Date:__ 17-1-2022
__Present:__ `chair`, `sysadmin`, `events`, `gdo`, `pro`, `helpdesk`, `events`, `ordinary-member`, `helpdesk`, `treasurer`, `secretary`, `sysadmin`, `vice-chair`, `webmaster`, `first-year-rep`
__Absent:__
__Excused:__ 

---

|    Person    |    Year    |
|--------------|------------|
|    `chair`    |    4th     |
|    `vice-chair`   |    4th     |
|    `treasurer`     |    4th     |
|    `secretary`     |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`     |    3rd     |
|    `webmaster`  |    3rd     |
|    `events`    |    3rd     |
|    `ordinary-member`  |    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`|    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`     |    3rd     |
|    `gdo`     |    3rd     |
|    `pro`     |    3rd     |
|    `events`   |    2nd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    2nd     |
|    `first-year-rep`       |    1st     |


# Agenda:

- `events`
    - Urgent matter regarding the 25th
    - How did it go?
    - EGM
        - committee attendence
    - `sysadmin`' talk
    - 25th update
    - Any updates?

- Admins:
    - Any updates?

- Website Discussion (`chair`)
    - Review SEM1 + plan going forward

- Refresher's Fair (`chair`) 

- Hackerclub:
    - How did it go?
    - Any updates?

- Using budget
    - Summer 21 gifts?

- Merch
    - Prototype merch
    - Updates?

---

# AOB:
- Happy Monday!!!
- P.s. Happy Tuesday! 
- Hashcode hub.

---

# Minutes: 

- `events`:
    - 25th: `events` officers should be involed with any `events`
    - Event low attendance, event was good.
    - EGM, committee should try attend
    - `sysadmin` talk is good to go
    - 25th location will be in Nubar and potentially the venue. No response from `Clubs & Socs`.
    - 25th website will be due on the 23rd.
    - Sending a quote to C&S to see how much money they can cover for 25th.

- Admins:
    - Secured 12.4k from C&S.
    - Collegeview, the look, dcuFM sites arent up due to ISS issues.
    - Hardcase is in pain.
    - Mail broken.
    - Root exam will be eranged soon enough.

- Website Discussion (`chair`)
    - Website according to `webmaster` is good to go.
    - Will be hosted to get our opinions.

- Refresher's Fair (`chair`) 
    - 10am to 3pm Tuesday and Thursday. 
    - `events`, `sysadmin`, `vice-chair` and `chair` will be there.
 
- Hackerclub:
    - Tomorrow at 6pm L129, good to go ahead.

- Using budget
    - Summer 21; will begin purchasing soon.
    - Goin to C&S tomorrow to ask about credit card and form.


- Merch 
    - Mug, hat, beanies, posters, hot drink thingie, bottle opener, have been designed by `events`.

---

# Action Items:

