# 2022-2-28 Agenda
---

__Start Date:__ 28-2-2022
__Present:__ `chair`, `events`, `pro`, `sysadmin`, `ordinary-member`, `vice-chair`, `gdo`, `ordinary-member`, `secretary`, `helpdesk`, `helpdesk`, `events`, `webmaster`, `first-year-rep`
__Absent:__ 
__Excused:__ `treasurer`, `sysadmin`,

---

|    Person    |    Year    |
|--------------|------------|
|    `chair`    |    4th     |
|    `vice-chair`   |    4th     |
|    `treasurer`     |    4th     |
|    `secretary`     |    3rd     |
|    `sysadmin`     |    3rd     |
|    `webmaster`  |    3rd     |
|    `events`    |    3rd     |
|    `ordinary-member`  |    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`  |    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`     |    3rd     |
|    `gdo`     |    3rd     |
|    `pro`     |    3rd     |
|    `events`   |    2nd     |
|    `sysadmin`    |    2nd     |
|    `first-year-rep`       |    1st     |
|    `ordinary-member`    |    1st     |


# Agenda:

- `events`:
    - Arista talk; How'd it go?
    - Retro Week; What's the plan?
    - Evervault update?
    - 25th update?
    - Planning + Advertising for AGM (including exams)
    - SISTEM Lookback

- Admins:
    - Any updates?

- Website Discussion
    - Any updates?

- Hackerclub:
    - How did it go?
    - Plans for this week

- Using budget
    - Was the trip to the bank made?
    - Any updates?

- Hoodies
    - Any updates on hoodies?

- C&S Awards
    - Delegating forms
    - Attendance/tickets for ball


---

# AOB:
- Happy Monday!!!
- P.s. Happy Tuesday!

---

# Minutes: 

- `events`:
    - Arista talk; Went well, good turnout, pizza was good. Potentially earlier in the year to get 3rd years.
    - Retro Week; Hackers viewing this wednesday.
    - Evervault; email will be sent this evening about finalizing and confirming this event.
    - 25th update; Tickets launched, hoping to have access to tickets to see numbers for food and refreshments. Constant reminders to get more numbers.
    - Planning + Advertising for AGM; Should start getting word out within a week especially for exams etc.
    - SISTEM Lookback Thank for coming !!

- Admins:
    - 25th up and going.
    - Main site up and going.
    - Havent a chance to get to look at mail.
    - Potential way of emailing all members, will need to be checked.


- Website Discussion
    - Both websites are up, doc for feedback. In good shape.

- Hackerclub:
    - It went pretty well, same turn out. Same competition for kattus. 
    - Mini-talk on old programming lanugages.

- Using budget
    - No updates on cards, 
    - Potential journey to bank to get more money for cashbox.

- Hoodies
    - Hoodies are being ordered tonight. 29 orders but probably increased.

- C&S Awards
    - Delegating forms
    - Attendance/tickets for ball
    - Sending nominations and choosing.
    - Going for best society in cultural/academic/social, not promising

---

# Action Items:

