# 2023-04-04 Agenda
---

__Start Date:__ 04-04-2023
__Present:__  `helpdesk`, `treasurer`, `sysadmin`, `events`, `sysadmin`, `vice-chair`, `helpdesk`, `webmaster`, `secretary`, `sysadmin`, `gdo`, `helpdesk`, `ordinary-member`
__Absent:__ `ordinary-member`, `gdo`
__Excused:__  `chair`, `ordinary-member`, `vice-chair`, `sysadmin`, 
__Late:__ `sysadmin`, `events`

---

|    Person    |    Year    |
|--------------|------------|
|    `vice-chair`    |    4th     |
|    `helpdesk`  |    4th     |
|    `sysadmin`     |    4th     |
|    `sysadmin`   |    3rd     |
|    `webmaster`     |    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`    |    3rd     |
|    `events`       |    3rd     |
|    `treasurer`  |    2nd     |
|    `gdo`    |    2nd     |
|    `events`     |    2nd     |
|    `sysadmin`  |    2nd     |
|    `sysadmin`   |    1st     |
|    `helpdesk`     |    1st     |
|    `secretary`    |    1st     |
|    `ordinary-member`    |    1st     |



# Agenda:

- Check previous Minutes

- Points of Info:
    - Admin update: 
        - Presented by: `sysadmin`
            - Handover document
            - Any other updates?
            - Discuss with new cmt about irc issue
    - Events update:
        - Presented by: `sysadmin`
            - pub quiz in Points of Discussion.
            - Any other updates?
    - Treasurer update:
        - Presented by: `treasurer`
            - did mastercard send money? 
            - card activated?
            - all cap reqs done?
            - missing receipts
            - combed through hoodie paypal statements?
            - General House keeping
            - Any Updates?
    - HelpDesk update:
        - Presented by: `helpdesk`
            - Any updates?
    - Webmaster update:
        - Presented by: `webmaster`
            - website status?
            - any other updates?
    - PRO Update:
        - Presented by: `gdo`
            - any other updates?
            - did you post galstem spark event insta story?
    - GDO update:
        - Presented by: `gdo`
            - any other updates?
    - First Year Rep Update:
        - Presented by: `sysadmin`
            - the first years are happy
            - ![](https://i.imgur.com/JxOn6RU.jpg)
    - Ordinary Member Update:
        - Presented by: `helpdesk`
            - any other updates?
    - Vice Chair Update:
        - Presented by: `vice-chair`
            - Any Updates?
            - were mastercard details passed on to next `events` officer?
    - Chair Update:
        - Presented by: `sysadmin`
            - did `sysadmin` and `chair` go to the bank to deal with sistem money?
            - msg yet to be sent after donation.
            - refund requests for sistem status
            - Any Updates?

- Points of Discusion:
    - Google drive change
    - Hoodie update? (urgent)
    - Money stuff
        
    - Pub quiz planning
       - irc message of the day
       - event plan uploaded?
       - arista sponsor (follow up on je vouchers)
       - register teams in advance?

    - AGM
        - handover meeting
           - did people write the handover docs?
    - Admin irc bridge issue 
    - Last committee meeting :-(
  



# AOB:
- Happy Tuesday
- Happy handover
- Happy resignation
- Common room-`gdo`


---

# Minutes: 

Started at 18:23
Does Committee agree on last weeks minutes: yes


- Points of Info:
    - Admin update:
       - no handover doc, group call instead, make root accounts, guide through the basics
        
    - Events update:
       - old committee helping with pub quiz
       - forms have been uploaded online

    - Treasurer update:
        - mastercard technically sent on stripe, not sure if recieved
        - card activated, pin changed, `sysadmin` has it
        - no online banking
        - `sysadmin` and `chair` signatories
        - all cap requests filed for this semester
        - last sem not submitted yet, waiting for c&s
        - gordon sent all reciepts
        
    - HelpDesk update:
         - handover, sending powerpoints and link to drive
         - need to put old stuff from last year on drive
         - put new committee on drive

    - Webmaster update:
        - no website this year
        - no updates on website

    - PRO Update:
       - posters are posted
       - 25th anniversary photos, organised on drive, never sent out
       - 25th needs to go to alumni also
       - fosdem photo link
     
    - GDO update:
       - poster changes made
       - hackerclub poster template done up for next year
       
    - First Year Rep Update:
       - first years are happy
       - bunch of first years verified in server (already paid but not verified)
       - informal hackerclub (networking assignment)
       - stickers - ordinary member's job
     
    - Ordinary Member Update:
       - no updates
    
    - Vice Chair Update:
       - no mastercard details sent to event officers
       - mc office trip next year ;)
       - `events` chat on discord (good for asking qs)
     
    - Chair Update:
       -  `sysadmin` and `chair` haven't gone bank
       -  going on thursday
       -  refunds exists, will talk about it
 
- Points of Discusion:
  -   Google drive change
      - Minutes go back to 2015
      - Hopefully everything there
       - needs to be organised
       - new tresurer folder in drive, applied folder, what has been submitted but not approved yet
       - `chair` in charge, people need to be added
       - Suprise `chair` with emails :)

  - Hoodie Update
    - Going to refund, easier to do that than give to new committee
    - Need to send out announcement today
    - Doing it next week
    - `helpdesk` and `sysadmin`, Tuesday Lunchtime, cash only - **action item**
    - Review hoodie form
    - Email using mailing list (those who filled in interest form)
    - hoodies2023@redbrick.dcu.ie
    - `gdo` will send discord announce - **action item**
    - `sysadmin` will do email- **action item**
    - `sysadmin` has cash, will give to `sysadmin`
    - Alumni and ordinary members first, them committee

  - Money stuff
     - Mainly sistem money in bank account
     - Need to pay sistem money to charity - `sysadmin` & `chair`
     - Paypal also, can only be accessed by clubs and socs
     - Roughly €2000 in PayPal and roughly €3000 in bank
     - New committee need to decide how to use card
     - `sysadmin`'s suggestion (only the `chair` has it)
     - C&S rule, card should have name (ours does not have name)
     - Online banking in discussion (decide who has access, suggested chairperson)
     - Change of signatories not happening now, need Siobhan's (C&S) signature
     - Email Una Redmond to get access to paypal (`chair` knows)
     - Sistem: redbrick vote for who is organising it
     - Spreadsheets in google drive: tracking fosdem money, paying back 2 years
     - Any questions about gdrive: contact `sysadmin`

  - Pub quiz
    - form done
    - hopefully alumni coming
    - `sysadmin` sent message into rootholders
    - event plan uploaded
    - Buy vouchers, get code, send pic of code in dms on discord
    - Make sure nobody else sees the code
    - Tshirts to be handed out for funny answers
    - Teams won't be registered in advanced
    - Server room has pens
    - Using last year's one by `sysadmin`
    - `sysadmin` will correct this year
    - This Thursday 7PM Nubar
    - €100 for food (usual platters)
    - Veggie version and chicken version
    - €20 per platter
    - At least 45-50 people

  - Committee portal
     - new committee not being added yet
    - handover with `chair` to sort it out
    - before next semester, will need access

    - `gdo` will be put down as PRO (it's a core role)
    - Core roles: Chair, `secretary`, `pro`, `treasurer`

  - AGM
    - Smoother compaired to last year
    - Only look at C&S constitution
    - Github and google drive out of date
    - Whole committee bar fyr and `pro`, will be in september
    - Handover meeting, happening now
    - Each role needs to have call with new committee
    - Old committee contact new committee, set up time

  - Admin IRC Issue
    - New `sysadmin` need to fix, rehashed (butler's job - only has access)
    - Some don't want fixed (low usage, 3-4 people)
    - Discord and IRC brigde, might stop that, older and younger, different vibes, might be better to have dedicated channel
    - New committee's issue

- Action Items:
     - `sysadmin` will send out email about hoodies
     - Check Alumni orders 
     - `helpdesk` and `sysadmin`, Tuesday Lunchtime, cash only
     - `gdo` will send discord announce
     - `treasurer`, `sysadmin` and `ordinary-member` to do call to sort out cap requests
     - `vice-chair` will follow up and email arista about getting codes, justin and `vice-chair` cced, `events` will be CC'ed
     - `sysadmin` will check with Ash if phone can be plugged in for music round, how much platters will be
     - `gdo`: Paper
     - `helpdesk` & `sysadmin`: Pens


- AOB:
  - Last meeting :(
    - New people, if you feel you can't do role or feeling stressed, lean on ordinary members, ask for help
    - Don't just ignore work and then leave
    - New Committee: Meeting next week, discord meeting (`sysadmin` will talk to `chair` about possible irl)
    - Same time as today, later if it's on discord (Keep eye on discord channel)
    - Current time suits new committee, might make it later

  - Common room
    - Switch magic room keycards
    - Engineering Soc cleaning room, not notifiying redbrick
    - Engineering soc hosting `events` there, not preventing rb members from entering
    - Could do joint event in croom, could be packet
    - Common room committee could run `events` for regular members
    - Common room committee: 2 members from rb and 2 members from eng soc, in charge of cards, keeping room clean
    - magic room, cmt only have key cards, only cmt members to be in, stay away from 3d printers
    - Card collection needed: `gdo`
    - Give cards to `gdo`: action item
    - Give cards back after pub quiz
    - New cmt need to organise collecting cards- next sem, cards change every year
    - 4th years, send message end of next week, `gdo`
    - Next friday in common room, return keys, `gdo`
    - Could put box in common room, "leave your card in it"
    - Only 4th years can give to rb cmt members, everyone else puts in box
    - `gdo` to do announce
    - 4th years to organise box

  

----


---

# 2023-04-11 Agenda
---

__Start Date:__ 11-04-2023
__Present:__ `treasurer`, `sysadmin`, `events`, `sysadmin`, `vice-chair`, `helpdesk`, `secretary`, `sysadmin`, `gdo`, `helpdesk`, `ordinary-member`, `chair`, `vice-chair`, `sysadmin`, `events`
__Absent:__ `helpdesk`,`ordinary-member`, `gdo`, `sysadmin`, `ordinary-member`
__Excused:__ `webmaster`
__Late:__ 

---

|    Person    |    Year    |
|--------------|------------|
|    `vice-chair`    |    4th     |
|    `helpdesk`  |    4th     |
|    `sysadmin`     |    4th     |
|    `sysadmin`   |    3rd     |
|    `webmaster`     |    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`    |    3rd     |
|    `events`       |    3rd     |
|    `treasurer`  |    2nd     |
|    `gdo`    |    2nd     |
|    `events`     |    2nd     |
|    `sysadmin`  |    2nd     |
|    `sysadmin`   |    1st     |
|    `helpdesk`     |    1st     |
|    `secretary`    |    1st     |
|    `ordinary-member`    |    1st     |



# Agenda:

- Check previous Minutes

- Points of Info:
    - Admin update: 
        - Presented by: 
            - Group call organisation
            - Root account creation
            - Handover process
            - Any other updates?
    - Events update:
        - Presented by:
            - Any other updates?
    - Treasurer update:
        - Presented by: `treasurer`
            - Mastercard money received?
            - Last semester receipts c&s update
            - Any Updates?
    - HelpDesk update:
        - Presented by: 
            - Old powerpoints uploaded?
            - Do new committee have access to drive?
            - Any updates?
    - Webmaster update:
        - Presented by: `webmaster`
            - any other updates?
    - PRO Update:
        - Presented by: `gdo`
            - 25th anniversary photos update
            - any other updates?
    - GDO update:
        - Presented by: `gdo`
            - any other updates?
    - First Year Rep Update:
        - Presented by: 
            - any other updates?
    - Ordinary Member Update:
        - Presented by: 
            - Stickers
            - any other updates?
    - Vice Chair Update:
        - Presented by: 
            - Any Updates?
            - were mastercard details passed on to next `events` officer?
    - Chair Update:
        - Presented by: 
            - bank trip for sisteme
            - refund for sistem
            - Any Updates?

- Points of Discusion:
    - New cmt on google drive?
    - Hoodie refunds, how did today go?
    - Were handover calls arranged and done?
    - Update on common room keycards
    - Drop in box update
    - All cap requests sorted out?
    - 
  



# AOB:
- Happy Tuesday
- Happy last week
- Sad exams
- sistem update


---

# Minutes: 

Started at 20:03
Does Committee agree on last weeks minutes: yes


- Points of Info:
    - Admin update:
       - admin handover
       - wednesday 7pm
        
    - Events update:
       - pub quiz went well
       - 4 teams, wish there was more turnout
       - quiz too hard?
       - recipet given to `treasurer`, cap request to go through
       - vouchers came through quickly
       - `vice-chair` sent thank you email

    - Treasurer update:
        - mastercard money, not sure if recieved
        - can't check bank statements, not signatory
        - cns replied, `treasurer` can upload last years also
        - need to get done by the 14th of April
        - if you want anything purcahsed, need to let `treasurer` know by 14th April
        - mastercard needs to be in the `chair` update (sistem)
        
    - HelpDesk update:
         - waiting on access to drive and `helpdesk` email
         - conor uploaded powerpoints

    - Webmaster update:
         - No updates, will have next week 

    - PRO Update:
         - no updates
         - didn't get chance to do 25th anniversary
         
    - GDO update:
        - no updates
       
    - First Year Rep Update:
       - no updates
     
    - Ordinary Member Update:
       - no updates
    
    - Vice Chair Update:
       - event went well, no other updates
     
    - Chair Update:
       -  todays meeting, set expectations for next year, event last week, hoodies
       -  everyone bar `sysadmin` have had handover
       -  put email in action items for `sysadmin` to add

 
- Points of Discusion:
  - Hoodie Updates
       -  Hoodie refunds, anyone not on cmt recieved refunds
       -  issue with change, `sysadmin` revoluted €1 to make up
       -  27€ left in wallet
       -  google sheet fully updated
       -  rest of money will come in future
       -  `chair` and `sysadmin` need to update settlement

  - Google Drive
     - Deadline for old committee, will be kicked from drive
     - anything they want to add, do it before then
     - need to change ownership of file (`sysadmin`, `chair`, current cmt), otherwise it won't be accessable
     - DEADLINE: Sometime middle of summer

  - Common room 
    - `gdo` hasn't gotten arround
    - announce tonight so people know
    - `gdo` will be in room tomorrow

  - Cap Requests
    - all cap requests sorted

- Action Items:
 
  - announce tonight about keycards, first years last day wednesday
  - `sysadmin` owed €1
  - Request access to google drive
  - Change ownership of your files on google drive
  - Admin Handover: 7PM Wednesday

- AOB:

  - Sistem update
    - `sysadmin` and `chair` waiting on mc payment
    - arrived on stripe, takes time to go to bank account
    - still hasn't entered

    - doc made with all money, will send out correct amount to owed people
    - sistem owe money to some
    - all money in our bank is probably sistem money (€3K)
    - from forms, probably all sistem money
    - need to paypal sistem
    - platters for pubquiz, might have been sourced from sistem, might need to be repaid to sistem
    - rb might have borrowed sistem money, `sysadmin` will look through statements
    - r3 went through

  - Summer Mettings
    - few meetings over summer
    - strawpolls sent out
    - discord for info
    - maybe 2 meetings
    - if there is a problem, let someone else know
    - if you need help with something, just ask

  - `events` and `helpdesk`

    - specific meeting
    - 3 weeks before semester start
    - plan out what semester looks like
    - provisinal event plan, makes lives easier
    - ask `sysadmin` for help with it
    - helpful for committee

    - redbrick vs blueblock summer thing
    - ending with redbrick breaking down blueblock( idea)
    - as soon as 1 event finished, event info will be posted that evening
    - all `events` forms can be filled in advanc (hopefully)
    - get out as early as can(in case of any changes)

    - if you have assignments to do, let `chair` know when stuff is due and how big it is, if clash with something important

  - event idea
    - weekend over the summer
    - team building event

    - last years suggestion
    - carlingford adventure centre, zipit, etc
    - if interest now, can plan a month in advance
  
    - if `gdo` has any ideas about rb vs bb, send in chat
    - rb launch can be redbrick uprising (confuse first years)
    - make memes
    - new vms, website, etc (plan over summer)


----


---

