# 2023-04-11 Agenda
---

__Start Date:__ 11-04-2023
__Present:__ `treasurer`, `sysadmin`, `events`, `sysadmin`, `vice-chair`, `helpdesk`, `secretary`, `sysadmin`, `gdo`, `helpdesk`, `ordinary-member`, `chair`, `vice-chair`, `sysadmin`, `events`
__Absent:__ `helpdesk`,`ordinary-member`, `gdo`, `sysadmin`, `ordinary-member`
__Excused:__ `webmaster`
__Late:__ 

---

|    Person    |    Year    |
|--------------|------------|
|    `vice-chair`    |    4th     |
|    `helpdesk`  |    4th     |
|    `sysadmin`     |    4th     |
|    `sysadmin`   |    3rd     |
|    `webmaster`     |    3rd     |
|    `helpdesk`    |    3rd     |
|    `events`       |    3rd     |
|    `treasurer`  |    2nd     |
|    `gdo`    |    2nd     |
|    `events`     |    2nd     |
|    `sysadmin`  |    2nd     |
|    `sysadmin`   |    1st     |
|    `helpdesk`     |    1st     |
|    `secretary`    |    1st     |
|    `ordinary-member`    |    1st     |



# Agenda:

- Check previous Minutes

- Points of Info:
    - Admin update: 
        - Presented by: 
            - Group call organisation
            - Root account creation
            - Handover process
            - Any other updates?
    - Events update:
        - Presented by:
            - Any other updates?
    - Treasurer update:
        - Presented by: `treasurer`
            - Mastercard money received?
            - Last semester receipts c&s update
            - Any Updates?
    - HelpDesk update:
        - Presented by: 
            - Old powerpoints uploaded?
            - Do new committee have access to drive?
            - Any updates?
    - Webmaster update:
        - Presented by: `webmaster`
            - any other updates?
    - PRO Update:
        - Presented by: `gdo`
            - 25th anniversary photos update
            - any other updates?
    - GDO update:
        - Presented by: `gdo`
            - any other updates?
    - First Year Rep Update:
        - Presented by: 
            - any other updates?
    - Ordinary Member Update:
        - Presented by: 
            - Stickers
            - any other updates?
    - Vice Chair Update:
        - Presented by: 
            - Any Updates?
            - were mastercard details passed on to next `events` officer?
    - Chair Update:
        - Presented by: 
            - bank trip for sisteme
            - refund for sistem
            - Any Updates?

- Points of Discusion:
    - New cmt on google drive?
    - Hoodie refunds, how did today go?
    - Were handover calls arranged and done?
    - Update on common room keycards
    - Drop in box update
    - All cap requests sorted out?
    - 
  



# AOB:
- Happy Tuesday
- Happy last week
- Sad exams
- sistem update


---

# Minutes: 

Started at 20:03
Does Committee agree on last weeks minutes: yes


- Points of Info:
    - Admin update:
       - admin handover
       - wednesday 7pm
        
    - Events update:
       - pub quiz went well
       - 4 teams, wish there was more turnout
       - quiz too hard?
       - recipet given to `treasurer`, cap request to go through
       - vouchers came through quickly
       - `vice-chair` sent thank you email

    - Treasurer update:
        - mastercard money, not sure if recieved
        - can't check bank statements, not signatory
        - cns replied, `treasurer` can upload last years also
        - need to get done by the 14th of April
        - if you want anything purcahsed, need to let `treasurer` know by 14th April
        - mastercard needs to be in the `chair` update (sistem)
        
    - HelpDesk update:
         - waiting on access to drive and `helpdesk` email
         - conor uploaded powerpoints

    - Webmaster update:
         - No updates, will have next week 

    - PRO Update:
         - no updates
         - didn't get chance to do 25th anniversary
         
    - GDO update:
        - no updates
       
    - First Year Rep Update:
       - no updates
     
    - Ordinary Member Update:
       - no updates
    
    - Vice Chair Update:
       - event went well, no other updates
     
    - Chair Update:
       -  todays meeting, set expectations for next year, event last week, hoodies
       -  everyone bar `sysadmin` have had handover
       -  put email in action items for `sysadmin` to add

 
- Points of Discusion:
  - Hoodie Updates
       -  Hoodie refunds, anyone not on cmt recieved refunds
       -  issue with change, `sysadmin` revoluted €1 to make up
       -  27€ left in wallet
       -  google sheet fully updated
       -  rest of money will come in future
       -  `chair` and `sysadmin` need to update settlement

  - Google Drive
     - Deadline for old committee, will be kicked from drive
     - anything they want to add, do it before then
     - need to change ownership of file (`sysadmin`, `chair`, current cmt), otherwise it won't be accessable
     - DEADLINE: Sometime middle of summer

  - Common room 
    - `gdo` hasn't gotten arround
    - announce tonight so people know
    - `gdo` will be in room tomorrow

  - Cap Requests
    - all cap requests sorted

- Action Items:
 
  - announce tonight about keycards, first years last day wednesday
  - `sysadmin` owed €1
  - Request access to google drive
  - Change ownership of your files on google drive
  - Admin Handover: 7PM Wednesday

- AOB:

  - Sistem update
    - `sysadmin` and `chair` waiting on mc payment
    - arrived on stripe, takes time to go to bank account
    - still hasn't entered

    - doc made with all money, will send out correct amount to owed people
    - sistem owe money to some
    - all money in our bank is probably sistem money (€3K)
    - from forms, probably all sistem money
    - need to paypal sistem
    - platters for pubquiz, might have been sourced from sistem, might need to be repaid to sistem
    - rb might have borrowed sistem money, `sysadmin` will look through statements
    - r3 went through

  - Summer Mettings
    - few meetings over summer
    - strawpolls sent out
    - discord for info
    - maybe 2 meetings
    - if there is a problem, let someone else know
    - if you need help with something, just ask

  - `events` and `helpdesk`

    - specific meeting
    - 3 weeks before semester start
    - plan out what semester looks like
    - provisinal event plan, makes lives easier
    - ask `sysadmin` for help with it
    - helpful for committee

    - redbrick vs blueblock summer thing
    - ending with redbrick breaking down blueblock( idea)
    - as soon as 1 event finished, event info will be posted that evening
    - all `events` forms can be filled in advanc (hopefully)
    - get out as early as can(in case of any changes)

    - if you have assignments to do, let `chair` know when stuff is due and how big it is, if clash with something important

  - event idea
    - weekend over the summer
    - team building event

    - last years suggestion
    - carlingford adventure centre, zipit, etc
    - if interest now, can plan a month in advance
  
    - if `gdo` has any ideas about rb vs bb, send in chat
    - rb launch can be redbrick uprising (confuse first years)
    - make memes
    - new vms, website, etc (plan over summer)


----


---