---
id: "2024-11-05"
aliases:
  - 2024-11-05 Agenda
tags:
  - minutes,
  - agenda,
  - committee
author: `Secretary`
date: "2024-11-05"
title: 2024-11-05 Agenda
---
# 2024-11-05 Agenda

- **Start Date**: `2024-11-05`
- **Present**: `Vice-Chair`, `Events`, `SysAdmin`, `Chair`, `PRO`, `Secretary`, `SysAdmin`, `Webmaster`, `HelpDesk`, `HelpDesk`, `First Year Rep`, `Events`, `GDO`, `SysAdmin`, `Ordinary Member`,
- **Absent**:
- **Excused**: `Treasurer`, `Ordinary Member`
- **Late**:

--

# Agenda:
> Please add your Redbrick `username` beside agenda items.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=blue]

> If you cannot attend the meeting, please inform `Secretary` with your reason.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=red]

:::warning
- [x] Check previous minutes - `Secretary`
:::

## Chair:
- Hackerclub
    - Pizza
- CS Ball
- Bystander Training
- Fosdem interest form
- Arista coding competition
- Christmas party
- Hoodies

## Vice-Chair:
-

## SysAdmins:
- hanging - `SysAdmin`
- iFixit toolkit arrived - `SysAdmin`
- HDDs and UPS battery needs to be ordered - `SysAdmin`

## Events:
- Arista next week - `Events`
    - Arista is handling the pizza order and payment - `Events`
    - Arista will be bringing a variety of things- `Events`
        - tshirts
        - snacks
        - drinks
    - Needs as much publication as humanly possible - `Events`
- Wiki speedrun this week - `Events`
    - does `First Year Rep` wanna help?
- Pycon the week after - `Events`
    - What happened in the meeting `Events`? - `Events`
- Any suggestions to replace ice skating? - `Events`
- FOSDEM - `Events`
    - Funding request is in, thanks `Treasurer` - `Events`
    - Meeting should be set up by cns soon - `Events`
    - FOSDEM interest form needs to go out everywhere as soon as possible `Events`
    - The faster things happen the cheaper it will end up being. - `Events`
- Movie night - `Events`
    - People need to respond to messages about doing stuff
        - even if you're not doing it

## Treasurer:
-

## HelpDesk:
- How was this week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - Great turnout this week, people had fun with the scraping script `HelpDesk`
- Plan for next week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - Dev Spaces, or Redbrick hosting, we got options [probably 1.] `HelpDesk`
- Pizza Episode: [`HelpDesk`]
    - There was confusion over who had decided to order pizza
        - I asked `First Year Rep` to "get pizza" **that mean order zobo!!**
    - pizza confusion -> tardiness -> anger -> hate -> suffering - yoda
- Members' suggestions:
    - more basics of Python (specifically the different "kinds" of `while` loops)
    - very basic Linux commands (things like `ls`, `pwd`, `cd`) "at a slower pace"

## Webmaster:
- Webgroup docs have been merged - `Webmaster`
- Will compile list of issues across blockbot and atlas for webgroup to work on - `Webmaster`

## Secretary:
- Anything extra needed for the newsletter? - `Chair`

## PRO:
- to send out (in order): - `PRO`
    - FOSDEM interest form (draft in social media channel)
    - speedrunning wiki
    - arista coding competition
- to upload the photos taken from the camera to both drive/instagram (via micro A usb) - `PRO`
- failed to upload recap post at the weekend, I admit to my mistake :c - `PRO`

## GDO:
- Required graphics for next week - `Chair`

## First Year Rep:
- Nothing to report -`First Year Rep`

## Ordinary Members:
-

## Common Room Committee:
-

## Points of Discussion:
- Interpints - `SysAdmin`

# AOB:
- SU wanna do an event in sem2 - `Vice-Chair`
- Happy Tuesday! - `Secretary`

---

# Minutes:

## Points of Info:

> Started at: `17:10`
> Does Committee agree on last weeks minutes: `yes`
> Ended meetings discussions at: `HH:MM`

### Chair Update:
- Housekeeping: Order pizzas for Events / Hackerclubs are to be ordered by the agreeed people at the agreed times - `Chair`
- CS Ball. Decision to join it or not to be discussed - `Chair`
- Bystander Intervention Training was attended by ...
- All group leaders for FOSDEM are recommended to have completed the training. However it is not mandatory - `Chair`

### Vice-Chair Update:
-

### SysAdmin Update:
-

### Events Update:
- Wiki Speedrun this week. Arista Competition next week - `Events`
- Pycon next weekend. Not much info yet. Sign-up form to be done next week - `Events`
- Homelab Hackerclub in 2-3 weeks - `Events`
- Committee needs to better respond to requests for help from other committee members - `Events`
- (Yay! We're getting ahead with planning things) - `Secretary`

### Treasurer Update:
-

### Helpdesk Update:
- Hackerclub went well, minus pizza. People really enjoyed the new practical aspects - `HelpDesk`
- Next week's Hackerclub will be Dev Spaces. Hosting on Redbrick will be held off until the RAM is secured - `HelpDesk`
- Future themes such as exam prep, intro to Linux and more are being considered. Plan for next semester needs to be drawn up, because a large cohort of the committee will be missing due to INTRA - `HelpDesk` and `Events`

### Webmaster Update:
-

### Secretary Update:
-

### PRO Update:
-

### GDO Update:
-

### First Year Rep Update:
-

### Ordinary Member Update:
-

### Common Room Committee Update:
-

## Points of Discusion:
- InterSocs
- Redbrick Christmas Party
- SU Event suggestions
- Tech Week

## AOB:


## Hackerclub TLDR
- Name:
- Description
- Date:
- Time:
- Room:

## Event TLDR
- Name:
- Description
- Date:
- Time:
- Room:

# Action Items:
- [ ] `all` - Read the minutes!
- [ ] `events` - submit event plan for next week
- [ ] `helpdesk` - prepare hackerclub for this week
- [ ] `GDO` - make posters for hackerclub and main event

---

# Useful Links:

---

- [Open Governance Repo](https://github.com/redbrick/open-governance/tree/master/minutes/)
- [Historical Minutes](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1oUewPsFElpzKHChf5BIeZ2oN8LcQX_aE?usp=share)
- [Redbrick Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1J82f89bfD7vnDI9GN9zwbUS9IjNZU27B)
- [Spreadsheet Important / Useful Names](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xj-HMHdSv-JTnQmNPFaUBW_1YJQDOoI66kGcjUqharU/edit#gid=634347005)
- [Spreadsheet - Interview Questions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HqnjHHjc9r5ocweKvDk-3TGMZebWkHk1Z5iSFceoU-o/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Discord Invite Link](https://discord.redbrick.dcu.ie/)
- [C&S Committee Portal](https://cp.dcuclubsandsocs.ie)
