---
id: "2024-10-15"
aliases:
  - 2024-10-15 Agenda
tags:
  - minutes
  - agenda
  - committee
author: Secretary
date: "2024-10-15"
title: 2024-10-15 Agenda
---
# 2024-10-15 Agenda

- **Start Date**: `2024-10-15`
- **Present**: `SysAdmin`, `Events`, `SysAdmin`, `PRO`, `Ordinary Member`, `Secretary`, `SysAdmin`, `Ordinary Member`, `Webmaster`, `HelpDesk`, `HelpDesk`, `First Year Rep`, `Events`
- **Absent**:
- **Excused**: `Vice-Chair`, `Treasurer`, `Chair`, `GDO`
- **Late**:

---
# Agenda:
> Please add your Redbrick `username` beside agenda items.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=blue]

> If you cannot attend the meeting, please inform `Secretary` with your reason.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=red]

:::warning
- Check previous minutes - `Secretary`
:::

## Chair:
- HAHAHAHAHAHA I'M THE CHAIR NOW  - `Events`

> RIP `Chair` - gone but not forgotten
![](https://i.imgur.com/HrCi3Ur.jpeg)


## Vice-Chair:
- HHAHAHAHA I'M ALSO THE VICE-CHAIR  - `Events`

> RIP `Vice-Chair`

## SysAdmins:
- hedgedoc situatiotion & upgrade - `SysAdmin`
    - LOL - `SysAdmin`
- minecraft - `SysAdmin`
- Admin budget confirmed ðŸ¤© - `SysAdmin`
    - sent email to RAM supplier, we have invoice
    - going to C&S tomorrow to sort out payment

## Events:
- workshop on wednesday, I want at least 3 people designated to go outside of myself, due to unreliabilty of my buses - `Events`
- many thank to `SysAdmin` for agreeing to do the history of rb talk - `Events`
- new amount of moneys for pizza yipee - `Events`

## Treasurer:
-

## HelpDesk:
- hi - `HelpDesk`

## Webmaster:
- will get webgroup members to attend git hackerclub - `Webmaster`
- want to have meeting (probably in discord) before then with webgroup - `Webmaster`

## Secretary:
-

## PRO:
- nothing new, photos for this week's hackerclub is uploaded into drive and placed in #pics channel - `PRO`
- history of RB talk post is out on socials - `PRO`
- Nikon D3400 budget items got approved, expect a shift in quality in photos, angles/clarity :) - `PRO`

## GDO:
-

## First Year Rep:
- :) `First Year Rep`

## Ordinary Members:
- hoodies - `Ordinary Member`

## Common Room Committee:
-

## Points of Discussion:
- hackerclub feedback - `Events`

# AOB:

- Happy Tuesday! :tada: - `Secretary`

---

# Minutes:

## Points of Info:

> Started at: `18:05`
> Does Committee agree on last weeks minutes: `yes`
> Ended meetings discussions at: `18:30`

### Chair Update:
- Chair has sadly despawned - `Secretary`

### Vice-Chair Update:
- Vice-Chair has sadly also despawned - `Secretary`

### SysAdmin Update:
- HedgeDoc "security vulnerability" is actually fine (everyone is ok :) ) - `SysAdmin`
- Minecraft server is up and running. World has been reset - `SysAdmin`
- Admin budget approved. RAM invoice received, payment to be sorted with C&S - `SysAdmin`

### Events Update:
-

### Treasurer Update:
-

### Helpdesk Update:
-

### Webmaster Update:
- Webgroup members to attend Git Hackerclub next week - `Webmaster`

### Secretary Update:
-

### PRO Update:
-

### GDO Update:
-

### First Year Rep Update:
-

### Ordinary Member Update:
- Currently awaiting response from Laochra Sports regarding hoodies enquiry - `Ordinary Member`
- 2 variants, minimum order quantity of 25 each - `SysAdmin`

### Common Room Committee Update:
-

## Points of Discusion:
- More interactivity needed at Hackerclub - `Events`

## AOB:
-

## Action Items:
- [x] `all` Read the minutes
- [ ] Make Redbrick great again :muscle:

---

# Useful Links:

---

- [Open Governance Repo](https://github.com/redbrick/open-governance/tree/master/minutes/)
- [Historical Minutes](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1oUewPsFElpzKHChf5BIeZ2oN8LcQX_aE?usp=share)
- [Redbrick Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1J82f89bfD7vnDI9GN9zwbUS9IjNZU27B)
- [Spreadsheet Important / Useful Names](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xj-HMHdSv-JTnQmNPFaUBW_1YJQDOoI66kGcjUqharU/edit#gid=634347005)
- [Spreadsheet - Interview Questions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HqnjHHjc9r5ocweKvDk-3TGMZebWkHk1Z5iSFceoU-o/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Discord Invite Link](https://discord.redbrick.dcu.ie/)
- [C&S Committee Portal](https://cp.dcuclubsandsocs.ie)
