---
id: "2024-10-22"
aliases:
  - 2024-10-22 Agenda
tags:
  - minutes
  - agenda
  - committee
author: Secretary
date: "2024-10-22"
title: 2024-10-22 Agenda
---
# 2024-10-22 Agenda

- **Start Date**: `2024-10-22`
- **Present**: `Treasurer`, `SysAdmin`, `Chair`, `PRO`, `SysAdmin`, `HelpDesk`, `HelpDesk`, `First Year Rep`, `SysAdmin`, `Ordinary Member`
- **Absent**: `Secretary`
- **Excused**: `Webmaster`, `Events`, `Vice-Chair`, `Ordinary Member`
- **Late**: `Events`, `GDO`

---

# Agenda:
> Please add your Redbrick `username` beside agenda items.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=blue]

> If you cannot attend the meeting, please inform `Secretary` with your reason.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=red]

> [!warning]
> - [x] Check previous minutes - `Secretary`

## Chair:
- Last week, *what happened* - `Chair`
- Timetable, please follow it - `Chair`
    - **Tuesday**: Event & Hackerclub for following week discussed during meeting
    - **Wednesday**: Graphics made, details finalised
    - **Thursday**: Submit forms to C&S
    - **Friday**: Newsletter sent out and information posted to socials/Discord

## Vice-Chair:
-

## SysAdmins:
- Admins be adminning - `SysAdmin`
- Very much minecraft being played - `SysAdmin`
- Paperless - `SysAdmin`
- Hackerclub hostile take-over :smirk: - `SysAdmin`
- cooking up some cool blockbot/API stuff - `SysAdmin`

## Events:
- How was this week's event - `Chair`
- Plan for next week's event - `Chair`
- Open days, November 15th & 16th - `Events`
- FOSDEM - `Chair`
    - Opens Monday Oct. 28th and close at 9am Monday Nov. 4th.
    - Numbers and information needs to be sent to `Events` by Sunday
    - How is everyone getting on with the planning?
        - Flight prices - (`Vice-Chair`, `SysAdmin`, `GDO`)
        - Hostel prices - (`SysAdmin`, `SysAdmin`, `GDO` )
        - City transport - (`First Year Rep`, `Webmaster`)
- Pycon - really need to get it sorted - `SysAdmin`

## Treasurer:
- budget regarding pizzas and attendance/turnout - what should we do in future? - `PRO`
- firehouse phone number situation - `Treasurer`
- bank change of signatory update - `Treasurer`

## HelpDesk:
- How was this week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - GREAT SUCCESS `HelpDesk`
- Plan for next week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - Spooky code on Halloween day (since 28th is a bank holiday) - `HelpDesk`

## Webmaster:
-

## Secretary:
- Anything extra needed for the newsletter - `Chair`

## PRO:
- **CAMERA** - `PRO`
    - items for the camera came in through the post
    - quality very nice
    - reimbursed courtesy of `Treasurer`
    - old photos on the original SD card were backed up to the RB drive courtesy of `Chair`
- notification before events that photos may/will be taken (thanks `SysAdmin`!) - `PRO`


## GDO:
- Required graphics for next week - `Chair`

## First Year Rep:
- Nothing really new or interesting - `First Year Rep`
- Only doing revision this week in programming - `First Year Rep`
- ***cromulent*** - `"`First Year Rep`"`
- not addressing the [wiki controversy](https://https://wiki.redbrick.dcu.ie/Wiki_Vandalism_of_2024) - `First Year Rep`

## Ordinary Members:
- hoodies - current situation, and what colour(s) should we roll with? - `PRO`
- brace yourselves - `Ordinary Member`
- 15 hoodies needed to maintain stated price for each colour - `Ordinary Member`

## Common Room Committee:
- Redbrick Locker in the magic room - should we get a proper lock? - `PRO`

## Points of Discussion:
-

# AOB:

- Fotosoc wondering if they can borrow games for games night on wednesday
    - ![](https://i.imgur.com/S6RrlcT.jpeg)
- Happy Tuesday! - `Secretary`

---

# Minutes:

## Points of Info:

> Started at: `13:18`
> Does Committee agree on last weeks minutes: `yes`
> Ended meetings discussions at: `HH:MM`

### Chair Update:
- Need to decide on events for next week in the meeting
    - MOST IMPORTANT THING IN the meeting
- Events planning from now on
    - Tuesday Events decided
    - Wednesday Graphics done
    - Thursday Forms Submitted
    - Friday Newsletter and Discord

### Vice-Chair Update:
-

### SysAdmin Update:
- Paperless up
    - Very Cool for Treasurer
    - Cmt Account
- New cmt added to vaultwarden
- Services Tutorial
    - Cmt and user
- Getting rid of cmt replaced by bots
    - More ordinary members called different shit

### Events Update:
- History of RB
    - Rambley, but that's what it's supposed to be
    - Images next time

- this week's event
    - Hackerclub takeover, Movie night thursday,
- Next week
    - ONLY Spooky Code Thursday during slot
- Open day
    - Confirmed `First Year Rep`
    - Potentially - `PRO`, `Chair`, `SysAdmin`

- FOSDEM
    - Need to have it ready this week
        - Monday Opens for 1 week
    - Numbers sent to `Events` by Sunday
    - Flights
        - 6am or 6pm from ireland
        - 9pm from brussels
        - 70 - 100 pp
        - Bags are hassle
    - Hostel
        - Needs *Facilities* in Hostel
    - Transport
        - Figure it out

- PyCon
    - Get interest form out
    - Needs to be done now
    - Group tickets
    - 30 euro estimate
    - Should have been done weeks ago

- Emails
    - CC CMT from now on

### Treasurer Update:
- Signatories Forms scanned wrong by bank
    - Waiting on Confirmation
- Cap submitted for RAM
- Everyone should be refunded
- Firehouse Phone number
    - Multiple ppl hopefully
    - Events and Helpdesk
    - `Events`, `First Year Rep`, `SysAdmin`
- change email to accounts for firehouse
-

### Helpdesk Update:
- Gitgud takeover
    - Admins takeover
    - Used helpdesk slides
- Sppoky code in events

### Webmaster Update:
-

### Secretary Update:
-

### PRO Update:
- Got cam stuff
    - Looking good
- Photos backed up
- Need consent for photos "did you have her consent frank"
    - Add slide informing pics being taken


### GDO Update:
- Send Details on tuesday


### First Year Rep Update:
- Nothing happing

### Ordinary Member Update:
- `Ordinary Member` did something :tada:
- Hoodies
    - 15 min order for each design
    - Normal 32, 34, 36 - default, name, name+position
    - Pullover 30, 32, 34 - default, name, name+position
    - Designs
        - Normal Hoodie
        - White Pullover Hoodie

### Common Room Committee Update:
- Message about Boardgames

## Points of Discusion:
-

## AOB:
-

# Action Items:
- [ ] `all` - Read the minutes!
- [ ] `events` - submit event plan for next week - **Spooky Code**
- [ ] `helpdesk` - prepare hackerclub for this week - **Spooky Code**
- [ ] `GDO` - make posters for hackerclub and main event - **Just Spooky Code this week**
- [ ] `admins` - acquire movie for thursday - *Immitation Game*
- [ ] `events` - email back about open days
- [ ] `SysAdmin`, `GDO`, `SysAdmin` - FOSDEM: Hostels email
- [ ] `First Year Rep`, `Webmaster` - FOSDEM: Transport figure it out
- [ ] `events` - Pycon intrest form Tonight
- [ ] `Ordinary Member`, `SysAdmin` - Hoodie form
- [ ] `GDO` - Hoodie redesign
- [ ] `SysAdmin` - common room rules
- [x] `SysAdmin` - Message about Boardgames

---

# Useful Links:

---

- [Open Governance Repo](https://github.com/redbrick/open-governance/tree/master/minutes/)
- [Historical Minutes](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1oUewPsFElpzKHChf5BIeZ2oN8LcQX_aE?usp=share)
- [Redbrick Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1J82f89bfD7vnDI9GN9zwbUS9IjNZU27B)
- [Spreadsheet Important / Useful Names](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xj-HMHdSv-JTnQmNPFaUBW_1YJQDOoI66kGcjUqharU/edit#gid=634347005)
- [Spreadsheet - Interview Questions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HqnjHHjc9r5ocweKvDk-3TGMZebWkHk1Z5iSFceoU-o/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Discord Invite Link](https://discord.redbrick.dcu.ie/)
- [C&S Committee Portal](https://cp.dcuclubsandsocs.ie)
