---
id: "2024-11-12"
aliases:
  - 2024-11-12 Agenda
tags:
  - minutes
  - agenda
  - committee
author: Secretary
date: "2024-11-12"
title: 2024-11-12 Agenda
---
# 2024-11-12 Agenda

- **Start Date**: `2024-11-12`
- **Present**: `Vice-Chair`, `Events`, `SysAdmin`, `Chair`, `PRO`, `Ordinary Member`, `Secretary`, `SysAdmin`, `Webmaster`, `HelpDesk`, `HelpDesk`, `First Year Rep`, `Ordinary Member`
- **Absent**: `GDO`,
- **Excused**: `Treasurer`, `SysAdmin`
- **Late**: `Events`

---

# Agenda:
> Please add your Redbrick `username` beside agenda items.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=blue]

> If you cannot attend the meeting, please inform `Secretary` with your reason.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=red]

:::warning
- [x] Check previous minutes - `Secretary`
:::

## Chair:
- Computing Open Day - whos doing - `Chair`
    - At least one admin needed per day <3 - `Events`
    - 10am - 3pm Friday - `Events`
    - 10am - 2pm Saturday - `Events`
- C&S open day - whos doing - `Chair`
- Pycon - `Chair`
- Redbrick Timetable - `Chair`
- Communication (If you're unavailable, let people know) - `Chair`
- bystander training checkup for fosdem - `Chair`
- committee secret santa - `Chair`

## Vice-Chair:
- names for pizza - `Vice-Chair`

## SysAdmins:
- Yapa Yapa Yapa - `admins`
- we are hardware stuff - `SysAdmin`
- hardware coming:
    - RAM: emailed for tracking
    - HDDs & battery we `Treasurer` emailed C&S
    - Docking stations and label machine stuff coming tomorrow

## Events:
- wiki speedrun, how was? - `Events`
- Arista tomorrow, very good very nice - `Events`
- next week build a home lab, we will be using my old laptop - `Events`
- All events forms for the semester are done, just need posters done. - `Events`
- esports/mps intersoc next sem??? - `SysAdmin`
- Events feedback form towards the end of semester - `Events`
- Christmas party - `SysAdmin`
- Tech week - `SysAdmin`
    - let me provide background before people jump in - `Events`
    - How does it benefit Redbrick by running with SU?
    - Pros - Wider Outreach?
    - Cons - Week Before FOSDEM

## Treasurer:
-

## HelpDesk:
- How was this week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - GRAPE `HelpDesk`
- Plan for next week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - Hosting on RB? ðŸ‘‰ðŸ‘ˆðŸ¥º `HelpDesk` âœ…

## Webmaster:
- Linktree on website, useful for forms and other bits - `Chair`
    - Have a design, will implement this week - `Webmaster`
- Update committee photos and names to match new committee - `Chair`
    - This has now been assigned to webgroup - `Webmaster`
- Couple updates made to blockbot, waiting on review - `Webmaster`

## Secretary:
- Anything extra needed for the newsletter - `Chair`
- Delay in this week's newsletter - `Chair`
- Can we please please please please get the newsletter out on friday this week? - `Events`

## PRO:
- Any ideas for promoting the christmas party? - `Events`
    - depends. do we want to go with last-year's tactic? - `PRO`

## GDO:
- Required graphics for next week - `Chair`
    - Build a Homelab
    - Christmas party
- What's happening with meet the committee posts - `Chair`
    - send out google form collecting all the info - `Chair`

## First Year Rep:
- hosted the Wikipedia event, it went well - `First Year Rep`

## Ordinary Members:
- `Ordinary Member` what's the story with hoodies? - `Events`
- Me and `SysAdmin` can send order form whenever :3 - `Ordinary Member`

## Common Room Committee:
- Need to get a good hoovering done at some point - `Events`
- `specific engineer` has been an absolute godsend to the room, we should get them a present out of the bottle/can money towards christmas - `Events`

## Points of Discussion:

- InterPints - `SysAdmin`
    - We are deciding with dublin universities (Mainly CS++) then inviting others. V difficult to decide with socs outside the pale
    - We will make them go to workmans - `Events`

# AOB:

- Renaat Verburggen gave us a red brick - `Chair`
- Happy Tuesday! - `Secretary`

---

# Minutes:

## Points of Info:

> Started at: `17:05`
> Does Committee agree on last weeks minutes: `yes`
> Ended meetings discussions at: `HH:MM`

### Chair Update:
- `Chair` and `SysAdmin` doing open day on Friday. `First Year Rep` and `Secretary` doing Saturday - `Chair`
- `HelpDesk` and `Secretary` working C&S stand on Friday - `Chair`
- "`We're not going near St Pat's`" - `Chair`
- We don't have the manpower for Pycon - `Chair` and `Events`

### Vice-Chair Update:
-

### SysAdmin Update:
-

### Events Update:
- Wiki Speedrun went well - `First Year Rep`
- Low attendance but good engagement - `SysAdmin`
- Next week's event is Homelabs, hosted by `Events` and `SysAdmin` - `Events`
- All event forms for the year are done and approved, but posters need to be completed and uploaded to the OMS - `Events`
- Christmas Party has been confirmed for 26th November, Nubar are on board. `SysAdmin` is being Redbrick Santa - `Events`
- Tech Week is being scheduled for the week of FOSDEM. Monday should be a series of talks by members. Tuesday will potentially be careers-fair-esque, but companies need to be contacted first. Tuesday Night will be a techno night in Nubar. Wednesday will involve Solar Racing. Thursday, we fly out for FOSDEM. Tech Week is being organised in collaboration with the SU, and the SU President is onboard - `Events`
- Working with the SU would be a massive publicity boost for the society - `Events` and `Chair`
- All Tech week plans are provisional for the time being. More discussion needed with the SU - `Events` and `Chair`

### Treasurer Update:
-

### Helpdesk Update:
- This week's Hackerclub: ended 30 minutes early and attendee engagement needs a boost - `Events` and `Chair`
- Next week's Hackerclub will be on ?, Exam Bootcamp for final l

### Webmaster Update:
- Forms and other miscellaneous bits now covered under Linktree on website - `Webmaster`
- Webgroup updating committee photos and names - `Webmaster`
- Couple updates to Blockbot, awaiting review - `Webmaster`

### Secretary Update:
- Action Items going out tonight, Newsletter on Friday, Agenda on Saturday, no more delays - `Secretary`

### PRO Update:
-

### GDO Update:
-

### First Year Rep Update:
-

### Ordinary Member Update:
- Hoodie order form to be finalised for next week's newsletter - `Ordinary Member`

### Common Room Committee Update:
-

## Points of Discusion:
- `Secretary` and `Events` want to be exempt from committee Secret Santa. Budget is fixed at 15 shekels - `Chair`
- Interpints will probably be Silver Penny in the next few weeks. If not, it will be after Christmas. (Workmans?) - `SysAdmin`

## AOB:


## Hackerclub TLDR
- Name: Docker
- Description: Ever wonder how big companies manage their many services, orchestrate them and make them work together seamlessly? Come to hackerclub to learn about Docker and maybe learn how to host some of your projects on Redbrick!
- Date: 18/11/2024
- Time: 13:00
- Room: L.129

## Event TLDR
- Name: Homelab
- Description: Learn to build a homelab from the admins. Host your own website, cool services. Break free from paid cloud services!!
- Date: 21/11/2024
- Time: 13:00
- Room: LG25

# Action Items:
- [ ] `all` - Read the minutes!
- [ ] `helpdesk` - prepare hackerclub for this week by sunday.
- [ ] `GDO` - make posters for hackerclub and main event by friday afternoon
- [ ] `Ordinary Member`, `SysAdmin` - hoodie purchase form by friday afternoon.
- [ ] `SysAdmin` - contact C&S about pycon tickets - UL by tomorrow evening

---

# Useful Links:

---

- [Open Governance Repo](https://github.com/redbrick/open-governance/tree/master/minutes/)
- [Historical Minutes](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1oUewPsFElpzKHChf5BIeZ2oN8LcQX_aE?usp=share)
- [Redbrick Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1J82f89bfD7vnDI9GN9zwbUS9IjNZU27B)
- [Spreadsheet Important / Useful Names](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xj-HMHdSv-JTnQmNPFaUBW_1YJQDOoI66kGcjUqharU/edit#gid=634347005)
- [Spreadsheet - Interview Questions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HqnjHHjc9r5ocweKvDk-3TGMZebWkHk1Z5iSFceoU-o/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Discord Invite Link](https://discord.redbrick.dcu.ie/)
- [C&S Committee Portal](https://cp.dcuclubsandsocs.ie)
