---
id: "2024-11-19"
aliases:
  - 2024-11-19 Agenda
tags:
  - minutes,
  - agenda,
  - committee
author: `Secretary`
date: "2024-11-19"
title: 2024-11-19 Agenda
---
# 2024-11-19 Agenda

- **Start Date**: `2024-11-19`
- **Present**: `Treasurer`, `Vice-Chair`,`SysAdmin`,`SysAdmin`, `Chair`, `PRO`, `Ordinary Member`, `Secretary`, `SysAdmin`, `Webmaster`, `HelpDesk`, `HelpDesk`, `Events`, `Ordinary Member`
- **Absent**:
- **Excused**: `GDO`,
- **Late**: `First Year Rep`, `Events`,

---

# Agenda:
> Please add your Redbrick `username` beside agenda items.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=blue]

> If you cannot attend the meeting, please inform `Secretary` with your reason.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=red]

:::warning
- [ ] Check previous minutes - `Secretary`
:::

## Chair:
-

## Vice-Chair:
- videos have been edited & taken care of for the upcoming christmas party with karting, courtesy of `Vice-Chair` (fair play!) - `PRO`

## SysAdmins:
- missing 9K package situation - `SysAdmin`
- blockbot go brr
- `SysAdmin` does not like hikari
- blockbot db soon :tm: - `SysAdmin`

## Events:
- Arista was good, they seemed happy with the turnout. - `Events`
- Build a homelab - `Events`
    - I am providing my old laptop for it to be done on.
    - might be tight on time in one hour.
    - If things go bad the backup is to show off `SysAdmin` homelab
- Christmas party is the next big thing, karting have been great to work with so far. - `Events`

## Treasurer:
-

## HelpDesk:
- How was this week's hackerclub - `Chair`
  - neat `HelpDesk` (aside from wsl forking up docker install)
  - good attendance and interest from people 🦊👌 `HelpDesk`
  - the projector was not working properly - `HelpDesk`
  - docker wouldn't install properly - `HelpDesk`
- Plan for next week's hackerclub - `Chair`
  - exam preppy `HelpDesk`

## Webmaster:
- Links (atlas) 🚀 - `Webmaster`
- Action Items (blockbot) ✅️ - `Webmaster`

## Secretary:
- Anything extra needed for the newsletter? - `Chair`

## PRO:
- nothing new on my end as of writing - `PRO`
- request for image removal earlier was taken care of - going forward, please please *please* inform me if anyone else wants their face **not** in the photos - `PRO`

## GDO:
- Required graphics for next week - `Chair`
- Meet the committee pics/quotes, get them in asap! - `PRO`

## First Year Rep:
-

## Ordinary Members:
- HOODIES OUT RAAAAHHHHHHH - `Ordinary Member`

## Common Room Committee:
- magic room access has been semi-restricted? - `PRO`
    - tl;dr common room committee, respective chairs and admins have access going forward - `PRO`
    - might be worth clarifying within the rules or in open governance? - `PRO`

## Points of Discussion:
- brought forward by `SysAdmin`, but following of rules/constitution, integrity of committee, and clarification of rules in open governance - `PRO`
    - Ambiguity in common room rules
    - `Events`'s PR adds more ambiguity
    - open governance needs some updating

# AOB:
- When are we taking down the ender dragon? - `SysAdmin`, `PRO`, `Chair`
- Happy Tuesday! - `Secretary`

---

# Minutes:

## Points of Info:

> Started at: `17:05`
> Does Committee agree on last weeks minutes: `yes`
> Ended meetings discussions at: `17:59`

### Chair Update:
-

### Vice-Chair Update:
- Delays and lack of Redbrick committee available for Chrsitmas Party promo - `Vice-Chair`

### SysAdmin Update:
- 9K package still missing
- We went slightly over budget on the (500 to 300)
- Battery was misquoted ()
-

### Events Update:
- Arista went well, they were happy with turnout -
-  Homelab on thursday
- CDs are bought for Redbrick Christmas Party

### Treasurer Update:
- People who are owed money for CDs and DVDs / docking station will be paid back shortly -
    - `Vice-Chair` - DVDs
    - `SysAdmin` - Docking station

### Helpdesk Update:
- Hackerclub attendance was ok.Technical difficulties were not ideal - `HelpDesk`
- Next week's Hackerclub will be Exam Prep for Programming - `HelpDesk`

### Webmaster Update:
- Links page has beeen created

### Secretary Update:
-

### PRO Update:
- People need to say at the beginning of events whether they're ok with having their faces in Society posts - `PRO`

### GDO Update:
-

### First Year Rep Update:
-

### Ordinary Member Update:
- Hoodie form is out, so far we have 12 black and 8 white - `Ordinary Member`

### Common Room Committee Update:
- Yes, Magic Room access has been restricted out of necessity - `Secretary`
- Going forward, Magic Room access will be restricted to
- Clarifications need to be made to

## Points of Discusion:
-

## AOB:


## Hackerclub TLDR
- Name: Exam Prep
- Description: Python basics
- Date: 25/11/2024
- Time: 13:00
- Room: L.129

## Event TLDR
- Name: Christmas party
- Description: Habibi santa
- Date:
- Time:
- Room:

# Action Items:
- [ ] `all` - Read the minutes!
- [ ] `events` - submit event plan for next week
- [ ] `helpdesk` - prepare hackerclub for this week
- [ ] `GDO` - make posters for hackerclub and main event
- [ ] `Treasurer` - make the 2 capitation requests for HDDs and UPS battery
- [ ] `Treasurer` - submit drawdown request for this semester
- [x] `SysAdmin` - buy raspberry pis

---

# Useful Links:

---

- [Open Governance Repo](https://github.com/redbrick/open-governance/tree/master/minutes/)
- [Historical Minutes](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1oUewPsFElpzKHChf5BIeZ2oN8LcQX_aE?usp=share)
- [Redbrick Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1J82f89bfD7vnDI9GN9zwbUS9IjNZU27B)
- [Spreadsheet Important / Useful Names](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xj-HMHdSv-JTnQmNPFaUBW_1YJQDOoI66kGcjUqharU/edit#gid=634347005)
- [Spreadsheet - Interview Questions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HqnjHHjc9r5ocweKvDk-3TGMZebWkHk1Z5iSFceoU-o/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Discord Invite Link](https://discord.redbrick.dcu.ie/)
- [C&S Committee Portal](https://cp.dcuclubsandsocs.ie)
