---
id: "2024-11-26"
aliases:
  - 2024-11-26 Agenda
tags:
  - minutes,
  - agenda,
  - committee
author: `Secretary`
date: "2024-11-26"
title: 2024-11-26 Agenda
---
# 2024-11-26 Agenda

- **Start**: 2024-11-26 17:00
- **Present**: `Treasurer`, `Vice-Chair`, `SysAdmin`, `Events`, `Chair`, `PRO`, `Ordinary Member`, `Secretary`, `Webmaster`, `HelpDesk`, `First Year Rep`
- **Absent**: `Events`,
- **Excused**: `GDO`,
- **Late**: `HelpDesk`, `Ordinary Member`. `SysAdmin`, `SysAdmin`

---

# Agenda:
> Please add your Redbrick `username` beside agenda items.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=blue]

> If you cannot attend the meeting, please inform `Secretary` with your reason.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=red]

:::warning
- [x] Check previous minutes - `Secretary`
:::

## Chair:
- Last meeting of semester 1 :(
- International Travel Workshop Tomorrow
    - Wednesday 27th November from 12pm - 1pm in KA115 Paric
    - We're sending 4 to be safe (only 2 go in)
    - Who can go: `Chair`, `PRO`, `Events`, `SysAdmin`
    - Who completed in person bystander training: `Ordinary Member`, `Webmaster`, `Vice-Chair`
      - I still have not received the certifcate :( - `Webmaster`
- CS Ball Meeting last Friday
    - Doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1trG-OS_5GwX_xYNjXn_zmxfD0f4v317HDpY5tBdyR0g/edit?usp=sharing
    - We're gonna look after venue
    - their idea was Crown plaza Blanch (e&c ball was there)
    -
- Tech Week Company Contacting *Before* Christmas
    - Can use contact file in #cmt-wiki or any others yous know

## Vice-Chair:
-

## SysAdmins:
- hardcase is struggling
- I HATE NIXOS - `SysAdmin`
- I HATE NIXOS AGAIN - `SysAdmin`
- I HATE NIXOS AGAIN AGAIN - `SysAdmin`
- I FR HATE NIXOS AGAIN AGAIN AGAIN - `SysAdmin`
- FUCK NIXOS - `SysAdmin`

## Events:
- Last weeks event was build a homelab - `Events`
    - despite issues with the demo laptop, event went extraordinarily well
- Christmas party directly after this meeting, everyone better be there! - `Events`
- Last event for the semester, overall its been a great semester for events. - `Events`
    - any feedback is very welcome, next semester plan will be done over the christmas break by myself and `Events`

## Treasurer:
-

## HelpDesk:
- How was this week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - Event went well. Good attendance. - `HelpDesk`
    - yea `HelpDesk`
    - Two cents of advice for the helpdesks, that I did notice throughout this event and a few others last week - `PRO`

## Webmaster:
- I have PRs to look at after Thursday - `Webmaster`

## Secretary:
- All good, allegedly - `Secretary`

## PRO:
- all videos are taken care of and have been uploaded or whatever - `PRO`
-

## GDO:
-

## First Year Rep:
- There was good advice given at the hacker club - `First Year Rep`

## Ordinary Members:
- are yous alive?

## Common Room Committee:
- We need an entire overhaul of rules to be extremely specific. - `Events`
    - this will be worked on over the christmas break

## Points of Discussion:
-

# AOB:

- Secret Santa Gift Exchange - `Vice-Chair`
- Happy Tuesday! - `Secretary`

---

# Minutes:

## Points of Info:

> Started at: `17:00`
> Does Committee agree on last weeks minutes: `yes`
> Ended meetings discussions at: `HH:MM`

### Chair Update:
- International Travel Workshop will be attended tomorrow by `Chair`, `PRO`, `Events`, and `SysAdmin` - `Chair`
- C&S Ball proposed. Crowne Plaza Blanchardstown proposed as venue - `Chair`

### Vice-Chair Update:
-

### SysAdmin Update:
- Hardcase down right now, will be resurrected - `SysAdmin`
- RAM and equipment was gotten. All payments done - `SysAdmin`

### Events Update:
- Event went well despite technical difficulties, high engagement and solid attendance - `Events`
- Christmas Party kicking off in under one hour - `Events`
- Plan for next semester will be drawn up during Christmas break - `Events`

### Treasurer Update:
- Need to request C&S card for FOSDEM - `Treasurer`

### Helpdesk Update:
- We helped some desks - `HelpDesk`
- Attendance was good - `HelpDesk`

### Webmaster Update:
-

### Secretary Update:
- Please all committee members stop messing with minutes and be respectful during committee meetings, to do otherwise makes it extremely difficult to take accurate and useable minutes - `Secretary`

### PRO Update:
-

### GDO Update:
-

### First Year Rep Update:
-

### Ordinary Member Update:
- "Hi" - `Henri117` and `Ordinary Member`

### Common Room Committee Update:
- Common Room Rules will be redrafted during the Christmas Break to avoid any further disputes over technicalities - `Events` and `Secretary`

## Points of Discusion:
-

## AOB:


## Hackerclub TLDR
- Name:
- Description
- Date:
- Time:
- Room:

## Event TLDR
- Name:
- Description
- Date:
- Time:
- Room:

# Action Items:
- [ ] `all` - Read the minutes!
- [ ] `events` - submit event plan for next week
- [ ] `helpdesk` - prepare hackerclub for this week
- [ ] `GDO` - make posters for hackerclub and main event

---

# Useful Links:

- [Open Governance Repo](https://github.com/redbrick/open-governance/tree/master/minutes/)
- [Historical Minutes](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1oUewPsFElpzKHChf5BIeZ2oN8LcQX_aE?usp=share)
- [Redbrick Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1J82f89bfD7vnDI9GN9zwbUS9IjNZU27B)
- [Spreadsheet Important / Useful Names](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xj-HMHdSv-JTnQmNPFaUBW_1YJQDOoI66kGcjUqharU/edit#gid=634347005)
- [Spreadsheet - Interview Questions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HqnjHHjc9r5ocweKvDk-3TGMZebWkHk1Z5iSFceoU-o/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Discord Invite Link](https://discord.redbrick.dcu.ie/)
- [C&S Committee Portal](https://cp.dcuclubsandsocs.ie)
