---
id: "2024-10-29"
aliases:
  - 2024-10-29 Agenda
tags:
  - minutes,
  - agenda,
  - committee
author: `Secretary`
date: "2024-10-29"
title: 2024-10-29 Agenda
---
# 2024-10-29 Agenda

- **Start Date**: `2024-10-29`
- **Present**: `Treasurer`, `Vice-Chair`, `GDO`, `SysAdmin`, `Events`, `SysAdmin`, `Chair`, `PRO`, `Ordinary Member`, `Secretary`, `SysAdmin`, `Ordinary Member`, `Webmaster`, `HelpDesk`, `HelpDesk`, `First Year Rep`, `Events`
- **Absent**: `Ordinary Member`
- **Excused**: `First Year Rep`, `GDO`
- **Late**:

--

# Agenda:
> Please add your Redbrick `username` beside agenda items.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=blue]

> If you cannot attend the meeting, please inform `Secretary` with your reason.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=red]

:::warning
- [x] Check previous minutes - `Secretary`
:::

## Chair:
- Timetable updated, if everything is followed stuff will run smoothly - `Chair`
- 2 different open day opportunities, who wants to do what and do we open E&C one to regular members? - `Chair`
    - I am likely to be your boss if you do it with the faculty - `Events`

## Vice-Chair:
-

## SysAdmins:
- hardcase died - `SysAdmin`
- hardcase revived - `SysAdmin`
- `SysAdmin` is a gombeen.
- blockbot db wen?

## Events:
- How was this week's event - `Chair`
- Wikipedia speedrun next week - `Events`
    - potentially use redbrick wiki for a round
    - `First Year Rep` suggested the event if they would like to assist in running?
- FOSDEM FOSDEM FOSDEM - `Events`
    - we are presuming that we will fill the 25 person limit
        - everything will become significantly more complex if this is not the case
    - form submissions dates
    - flight prices subject to change
        - `SysAdmin` sending qoute request
    - the extremely prelimnary price is about 150pp
    - hostel pricing is being handled by `SysAdmin`
    - travel form is mostly filled out
        - I'll send it in for eyes once we have the remaining info
        - need meeting with siobhán
        - need finalised hostel prices
    - meeting at airport for 4pm for 6:10pm flight
    - travel cards from last trip will be used
    - Groupings
        - group leaders
            - `Events`
            - `Chair`
            - `SysAdmin`
            - `SysAdmin`
            - `SysAdmin`
    - Additional funding request needs to be done by the 4th, we only need hostel prices to complete
    - I'm stuck on the risk assesment, does anyone have any ideas of risks?
- Open day form done - Very need raspi `Events`
    - `First Year Rep` is going 100% so i put him in as the point of contact for the 2 days
## Treasurer:
-

## HelpDesk:
- How was this week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - wut `HelpDesk`
- Plan for next week's hackerclub - `Chair`
- Spooky code on Thursday

## Webmaster:
- I am alive again - `Webmaster`
- `SysAdmin` made a bunch of PRs to blockbot - `Webmaster`
- blockbot & webgroup documentation to be merged - `Webmaster`
- will get webgroup to start working on blockbot issues over the next week - `Webmaster`
- Hikari is stoopid - `SysAdmin`

## Secretary:
- Anything extra needed for the newsletter? - `Chair`
- Newsletter generator can burn in the fires of hell, but we are finally on top of business - `Secretary`

## PRO:
- nothing necessarily new on my end - `PRO`
- I've decided on lumping last week's recap post into this weeks - `PRO`

## GDO:
- Required graphics for next week - `Chair`

## First Year Rep:
- I am ghost, wOoOoOoOo `First Year Rep`

## Ordinary Members:
- Me and `Sysadmin` get some confirmations for hoodies then deploy the forms - `Ordinary Member`

## Common Room Committee:
- all is good in the room of commons - `Events`

## Points of Discussion:
- Christmas party? - `SysAdmin`

# AOB:

- Happy Tuesday! - `Secretary`

---

# Minutes:

## Points of Info:

> Started at: `17:10`
> Does Committee agree on last weeks minutes: `yes`
> Ended meetings discussions at: `HH:MM`

### Chair Update:
- Stricter timeline of event-planning going forward to eliminate last-minute panic - `Chair`
- `Treasurer`, `Events Officer` and `First Year Rep` are working E&C for Open Day - `Chair`


### Vice-Chair Update:
-

### SysAdmin Update:
- Hardcase is alive after temporary panic - `SysAdmin`

### Events Update:
- Ìmitation game went down well - `Events`
- Wikipedia speedrun all set for next week. Could potentially use Redbrick wiki for a round, but could cause complications - `Events`
- Fosdem should hit the 25 person limit - `Events`
- Budget form for Fosdem doesn't need to be completed until 28 days before, but still needs to be confirmed for C&S moneys. Flight prices are unfortunately subject to change. Have a few options for accommodation. Travel form is mostly complete. Additional funding can be gotten after hostel prices are finalised. Risk assessment form needs to be looked into - `Events`

### Treasurer Update:
- Bank has not raised any issues so signatories are presumably smoothly transitioned - `Treasurer`

### Helpdesk Update:
- Spooky Code slides from last year can be repurposed - `HelpDesk`
- Need to begin planning next year

### Webmaster Update:
- `Webmaster` is alive again - `Webmaster`
- Admins to review Blockbot documentation - `Webmaster`
- Once documentation merged, webgroup can get to work - `Webmaster`

### Secretary Update:
-

### PRO Update:
- Nothing new to report - `Secretary`

### GDO Update:
- Slides needed for next week's Hackerclub - `HelpDesk`
- Wikipedia speedrun slides also needed - `Events`

### First Year Rep Update:
-

### Ordinary Member Update:
- Confirmation of hoodie details needed and then forms can be deployed - `Ordinary Member`
- Hoodie redesign has been scrapped due to complications - `SysAdmin`

### Common Room Committee Update:
- New rules form has been finalised - `Events` & `Secretary`

## Points of Discusion:
- Resign - `All`

## AOB:


## Hackerclub TLDR
- Name:
- Description
- Date:
- Time:
- Room:

## Event TLDR
- Name:
- Description
- Date:
- Time:
- Room:

# Action Items:
- [ ] `all` - Read the minutes!
- [ ] `events` - submit event plan for next week
- [ ] `helpdesk` - prepare hackerclub for this week
- [ ] `GDO` - make posters for hackerclub and main event

---

# Useful Links:

---

- [Open Governance Repo](https://github.com/redbrick/open-governance/tree/master/minutes/)
- [Historical Minutes](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1oUewPsFElpzKHChf5BIeZ2oN8LcQX_aE?usp=share)
- [Redbrick Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1J82f89bfD7vnDI9GN9zwbUS9IjNZU27B)
- [Spreadsheet Important / Useful Names](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xj-HMHdSv-JTnQmNPFaUBW_1YJQDOoI66kGcjUqharU/edit#gid=634347005)
- [Spreadsheet - Interview Questions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HqnjHHjc9r5ocweKvDk-3TGMZebWkHk1Z5iSFceoU-o/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Discord Invite Link](https://discord.redbrick.dcu.ie/)
- [C&S Committee Portal](https://cp.dcuclubsandsocs.ie)
