---
id: "2025-02-24"
aliases:
  - 2025-02-24 Agenda
tags:
  - minutes
  - agenda
  - committee
author: Secretary
date: "2025-02-24"
title: 2025-02-24 Agenda
---
# 2025-02-24 Agenda

- **Start**: 2025-02-24 18:00
- **Present**:  `GDO`, `SysAdmin`, `Events`, `SysAdmin`, `Chair`, `PRO`,  `Secretary`,  `Webmaster`, `HelpDesk`, `First Year Rep`, `HelpDesk`
- **Absent**: `Ordinary Member`, `Events`
- **Excused**: `Treasurer`, `Vice-Chair`, `SysAdmin`, `Ordinary Member`,
- **Late**:

---

# Agenda:
> Please add your Redbrick `username` beside agenda items.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=blue]

> If you cannot attend the meeting, please inform `Secretary` with your reason.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=red]

> [!warning]
> - [x] Check previous minutes - `Secretary`

## Chair:
- Upcoming dates
    - AGM (Thinking) Thursday 27th March at 7pm CG86 (confirmed)
    - Admin, Webmaster, Helpdesk exams
        - Admins: Hackerclub 4th of march
        - Admin Exam: 21st-22nd march
        - Helpdesk exam: 18th march in 2nd hour of hackerclub
        - Webmaster exam: tbd
    - Monday, March 3rd, 2025 - Individual Nominations closed at 12.00 pm (DEADLINE)
    - Monday, March 10th, 2025 - Group Nominations close at 12:00 pm (DEADLINE)
    - CS Ball - Venue Booked for 29th March (Saturday)

- Plan for the rest of the semester
    - hackerclubs and events

- C&S Awards
    - Best Society Poster or Graphic, `GDO` to pick
    - Best Society Photograph, `PRO` to pick
    - Best Publicity Campaign, christmas party
    - Best Society Event, `Events` and `Events` to pick
    - Best Society Activity, hackerclub
    - Best Society Collaboration, karting
    - Best Society
    - Graduate Contribution to a Club or Society, gareth sig?
    - Alumni Engagement Award, rootholders?
    - Best Society Fresher, 1st year, tbd
    - Individual Award for Contribution to Society Life, tbd

- Nominations
    - `Events`
    - `SysAdmin`
    - `Chair`
    - `First Year Rep`
    - `PRO`

## Vice-Chair:
-

## SysAdmins:
- 3YP complete!
- SIG is so kind!
- mail fixing soon :tm:

## Events:
- Last week scratch hackerclub, low attendance but people enjoyed it - `Events`
- next week admin bootcamp - `Events`

## Treasurer:
-

## HelpDesk:
- How was last week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - Went fine enough. Humphrys himself showed up - `HelpDesk`
- Plan for this week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - yup
- Plan for next week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - Admin hackerclub

## Webmaster:
- `SysAdmin` looking into database authentication issue
- User reminders will be ready this week
- Other small issues on the github to be completed

## Secretary:
- Anything extra needed for the newsletter - `Chair`

## PRO:
- It seems like there's nothin' at all! Nothin' at all! *Nothing at all!* - `PRO`
- (with all seriousness nothing new from me), just waiting on any posters/info for upcoming events - `PRO`
- Common room - '5 Re-Turn bags for new television'; what's that about? :0 - `PRO`

## GDO:
- Required graphics for upcoming events - `Chair`

## First Year Rep:
-

## Ordinary Members:
-

## Common Room Committee:
- new members from engsoc added to groupchat - `Events`
- Common Room was mopped and hoovered and sofas wiped down on Friday - `Secretary`

## Points of Discussion:
-

# AOB:

- Happy Monday! - `Secretary`

---

# Minutes:

## Points of Info:

> Started at: `18:05`
> Does Committee agree on last weeks minutes: `yes`
> Ended meetings discussions at: `19:07`

### Chair Update:
- AGM to be held (provisionally) on Wed 27th March, 7pm, CG86 - `Chair`
- CS Ball venue booked, see date above - `Chair`
- Exams for Sys-Admin, Helpdesk and Webmaster to be held by 21st-22nd and corrected prior to AGM (see relevant sections) - `Chair` & `SysAdmin`
- Nominations for C&S Awards (individual closes next week, group submissions week after) - `Chair`
- Christmas party, Tech Week, certain posters and ista posts up for consideration for nominations (this waffle lasted almost an hour I will fix this section after meeting let me live) - `Secretary`
- DO NOT leave nomination submissions until the last minute - `Secretary`

### Vice-Chair Update:
- Vice-chair has despawned :( - `Secretary`

### SysAdmin Update:
- Admin Hackerclub to be held in advance of Admin exam - `SysAdmin`
- Admin Bootcamp provisionally to be held on the following Wednesday - `SysAdmin`
- Sys-Adminning will be running back at full capacity after 3YP submissions - `SysAdmin`
- NextCloud, _ and Mail are all on the hit-list now - `SysAdmin`
- Open invitation to committee members to offer RB services to other socs - `SysAdmin`
- SIG may also now be giving us network switches :) - `SysAdmin`

### Events Update:
- To be determined as of 24/2/25 (this will be edited when an Event is decided). Admin Hackerclub postponed due to lack of Admin availability (pls stop giving conflicting info on this stuff please and thank you) - `Secretary`
- I will fix - `Events`

### Treasurer Update:
- Hoodies have been ordered - `Secretary`

### Helpdesk Update:
- Helpdesk exam to be held on the 18th after Hackerclub - `HelpDesk`
-

### Webmaster Update:
- Webmaster exam (proposed 1-hour Theory or 24-hour Practical) - `SysAdmin`
- Starboard and user reminders can be fixed up once database connection are sorted - `SysAdmin`

### Secretary Update:
- No - `Secretary`

### PRO Update:
- Clarification about a joke on the white-board - `Secretary`

### GDO Update:
- "I make poster" for Admin Hackerclub, Admin Bootcamp and Teaser for Admin Week. Can also make posters for technical role exams - `GDO`

### First Year Rep Update:
- Yes - `First Year Rep`

### Ordinary Member Update:
- CS Ball 29th March, RGB theme, wear red ties/dresses - `Secretary`

### Common Room Committee Update:
- Yes (see above) - `Secretary`

## Points of Discusion:
-

## AOB:


## Hackerclub TLDR
- Name:
- Description
- Date:
- Time:
- Room:

## Event TLDR
- Name:
- Description
- Date:
- Time:
- Room:

# Action Items:
- [ ] `all` - Read the minutes!
- [ ] `events` - submit event plan for next week (pls verify if Tech week can be submitted as one event, and check details of intersoc with Karting)
- [ ] `helpdesk` - prepare hackerclub for this week
- [ ] `GDO` - make posters for hackerclub and main event

---

# Useful Links:

- [Open Governance Repo](https://github.com/redbrick/open-governance/tree/master/minutes/)
- [Historical Minutes](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1oUewPsFElpzKHChf5BIeZ2oN8LcQX_aE?usp=share)
- [Redbrick Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1J82f89bfD7vnDI9GN9zwbUS9IjNZU27B)
- [Spreadsheet Important / Useful Names](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xj-HMHdSv-JTnQmNPFaUBW_1YJQDOoI66kGcjUqharU/edit#gid=634347005)
- [Spreadsheet - Interview Questions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HqnjHHjc9r5ocweKvDk-3TGMZebWkHk1Z5iSFceoU-o/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Discord Invite Link](https://discord.redbrick.dcu.ie/)
- [C&S Committee Portal](https://cp.dcuclubsandsocs.ie)
