---
id: "2025-01-20"
aliases:
  - 2025-01-20 Agenda
tags:
  - minutes
  - agenda
  - committee
author: Secretary
date: "2025-01-20"
title: 2025-01-20 Agenda
---
# 2025-01-20 Agenda

- **Start**: 2025-01-20 18:00
- **Present**: `GDO`, `SysAdmin`, `Events`, `SysAdmin`, `Chair`, `PRO`, `Secretary`, `SysAdmin`,  `Webmaster`, `HelpDesk`, `HelpDesk`, `First Year Rep`, `Events`, `Ordinary Member`
- **Absent**: `Ordinary Member`,
- **Excused**: `Treasurer`, ``Vice-Chair`
- **Late**:

---

# Agenda:
> Please add your Redbrick `username` beside agenda items.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=blue]

> If you cannot attend the meeting, please inform `Secretary` with your reason.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=red]

> [!warning]
> - [x] Check previous minutes - `Secretary`

## Chair:
- Refreshers Fair - `Chair`
    - Jan 22nd, 10am - 3pm
    - Who can be there (create roster)
- Hoodie payments - `Chair`
    - how we looking?
    - would like order to be sent off quickly after deadline (or email now?)
- Retrospective - `Chair`
    - Will go through at end of meeting
    - Please fill in the section if you haven't already <3
- Committee bonding - `Chair`
    - dinner, drinks, bowling, other ideas?

## Vice-Chair:
-

## SysAdmins:
- ![](https://c.tenor.com/LKJNqQK1bSEAAAAd/tenor.gif)
- new newsletter generator nearly there, should be done by the time email is back - `SysAdmin`
- time to lock in and get mail back cause I miss spam :broken_heart:

## Events:
- FOSDEM
    - Opinions, what do people think went wrong? - `Events`
- Movie night this week, being organised by `Events` - `Events`
- Tech week is happening, things are being organised - `Events`
    - `Vice-Chair` and `SysAdmin` have been of good help
- Got asked by SU to see if people from engineering and computing to attend a staff-student forum - `Events`

## Treasurer:
-

## HelpDesk:
- How was last week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - Went well overall, but attendance was quite low. - `HelpDesk`
- Plan for this week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - Raspberry Pi Projects - `HelpDesk` and `HelpDesk`
- Plan for next week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - If it's tech week, do we even need a hackerclub? - `HelpDesk`

## Webmaster:
- Updates made to blockbot, more things on the way - `Webmaster`
- Starboard ready for testing - `Webmaster`

## Secretary:
- Anything extra needed for the newsletter - `Chair`

## PRO:
- ...back - `PRO`
- Things to get sent out (as of writing) - `PRO`
    - hackerclub **(done)**
    - hack ireland (monday, before 12pm) **(done)**
    - SIG (tuesday, **to be done)**
    - the main event for this week (hackers, I believe?) **(tuesday job assuming reapproval, to be done)**

## GDO:
- Required graphics for upcoming events - `Chair`

## First Year Rep:
- tech week lua talk is still something I would do (if wanted) - `First Year Rep`

## Ordinary Members:
-

## Common Room Committee:
- all is peaceful in the land of commons - `Events`

## Points of Discussion:
-

# AOB:

- Happy ~~Tuesday~~ Monday! - `Secretary`

## Retrospective:

### `Chair`

- :green_heart: events and hackerclub have been running smoothly, with good attendence, yous have been doing great, although hackerclub could do with more interactive elements
- :green_heart: budget go brrr, double the pizza and all the new server upgrades (biggest soc budget I'd say :eyes:), thanks `Treasurer` for sorting out all the treasurer stuff
- :green_heart: common room has been active this year, people are enjoying it
- :green_heart: socials have been looking real nice and announcements have been going out in advance, thanks `PRO`!
- :green_heart: thanks to the admins, especially dom for keeping our services stable this semester
- :green_heart: ~~thanks `Events` for organising fosdem this year~~ RIP FOSDEM
- :broken_heart: some things were being done last minute, let's work on getting stuff done earlier
- :broken_heart: communication is something we could improve on, if you arent' available to do something, let people know, also check committee chat regularly and respond to messages in there.

### `Events`
- :green_heart: people have been good about helping with events I appreciate - `Events`
- :broken_heart: lack of self motivation, people needing to be chased to actually do what they've been asked - `Events`
- :broken_heart: committee meetings can feel like one side versus the other when we should be working together to solve problems - `Events`


### `SysAdmin`
- :broken_heart: Cooked
- :green_heart:  Clapped

### `SysAdmin`
- :broken_heart: Cooked
- :green_heart: CLAPPED

### `Webmaster`
- :green_heart: lots of help from admins & `Old Webmaster` with stuff for atlas & blockbot

### `HelpDesk`
- :green_heart: Many clubs were successfully hecked - `HelpDesk` and `HelpDesk`
- I agreエ with this infof `HelpDesk`

### `HelpDesk`
- :broken_heart: ｓｈｉｔ　ｈａｐｐｅｎｅｄ
- :green_heart: shit happened

### `Vice-Chair`
- :green_heart: happy admins take care of everything I don't understand but know its being done
- :green_heart: glad people are supporting events this year when needed
- :green_heart: socials look great so thanks to PRO and GDO
- :broken_heart: please don't put your name down for taking care of something if you aren't sure you can do it or if you do put your name down and something comes up please give adequate time so a replacement can be found

### `PRO`
- :green_heart: where do I begin?
- :green_heart: admins have been top of the line, chair & vice-chair have been great
- :green_heart: blockbot does the thing (and by thing, I err uh mean, *everything!*)
- :green_heart: new cmt have been doing their best and I commend the helpdesks, webmaster, 1st year rep et al. have been great!
- :green_heart: **MINECRAFT SERVER!** No introduction needed. I like it a lot :)
- :green_heart: I'm sorry to hear with what happened with FOSDEM at the end, but I think `Events` & co did a fantastic job with getting the strings pulled and re-strung for the trip :)
- :green_heart: hackerclubs have been pretty decent
- :broken_heart: `Chair`'s proposed committee schedule for things to be sent out & completed is something that **needs** improvement. Not the schedule itself, don't worry, but where people are told to do the thing, they need to do the thing.
- :broken_heart: I don't intend on sounding/being harsh, but I feel that the hackerclubs during the semester were a little bit sterile. Being *physically* mobile during a presentation and even demonstrating the application of what you're showing off can be rewarding and engaging.
- :broken_heart: in line with what `Events` and `Chair` said, some things are being left to either the last minute, or in certain cases, sweeping it under the rug without *any communication/notice*.


### `First Year Rep`
- :green_heart: A lot of resources provided by redbrick were genuinely useful
- :broken_heart: Things are often not communicated with enough thoroughness and can be left to the last moment

### `GDO`
- :green_heart: Good work on keeping up with events and giving appropriate time to get posters done.
- :broken_heart: My last semester with redbrick and DCU, very sadge 😭

### `SysAdmin`
- :green_heart: admin work has been good, alot of things has been planned and alot has been done, good job admins
- :broken_heart: alot of planning has been left last minute this semester which is something we have to look into fixing going forward.
- :broken_heart: `Sysadmin` should get blacked out way often cause its funny asf
- :broken_heart: less committee conflicts would also be nice, we're here to work together not against each other
- :green_heart: get everything sorted before 3rd years go to INTRA so new committee know whats going on.

### `Secretary`
- :green_heart: Nothing to say that hasn't already been stated, but good job all
- :broken_heart: To be brutally honest, the constructive criticism in committee meetings well-and-truly feels like groundhog day. Regardless of how well different committee members are doing at their respective jobs, it doesn't feel like any advice or critiques are being taken on board. Ever. The same exact issues that we've had since Day 1 are still being discussed in meetings right now, and it's becoming extremely disheartening.

---

# Minutes:

## Points of Info:

> Started at: `18:15`
> Does Committee agree on last weeks minutes: `yes`
> Ended meetings discussions at: `HH:MM`

### Chair Update:
- Refresher's Fair on Wednesday from 10am-2pm. We're not doing it - `Secretary`
- Hoodie payment deadline on Friday - `Chair`
- Committee bonding proposal. Open to suggestions - `Chair`

### Vice-Chair Update:
- despawned

### SysAdmin Update:
- New generator almost ready. Will make life easier for next year's secretary - `SysAdmin`
- Tech Week

### Events Update:
- FOSDEM went wrong because
- Movie night this week organised by `Events`, event fully approved and ready to go - `Events`
- Tech Week organisation is underway, big thanks to `SysAdmin` and `Vice-Chair` - `Events`

### Treasurer Update:
- despawned

### Helpdesk Update:
- Low attendance at Hackerclub - `HelpDesk`
- Raspberry Pis for this week's Hackerclub - `HelpDesk`

### Webmaster Update:
- Updates made to Blockbot thanks to `Sysadmin`
- Starboardv is almost ready for testing
- Quality of Life updates for

### Secretary Update:
-

### PRO Update:
- All announcements made for the week

### GDO Update:
- Posters are sorted,

### First Year Rep Update:
-

### Ordinary Member Update:
-

### Common Room Committee Update:
-

## Points of Discusion:
-

## AOB:


## Hackerclub TLDR
- Name:
- Description
- Date:
- Time:
- Room:

## Event TLDR
- Name:
- Description
- Date:
- Time:
- Room:

# Action Items:
- [ ] `all` - Read the minutes!
- [ ] `events` - submit event plan for next week
- [ ] `helpdesk` - prepare hackerclub for this week
- [ ] `GDO` - make posters for hackerclub and main event

---

# Useful Links:

- [Open Governance Repo](https://github.com/redbrick/open-governance/tree/master/minutes/)
- [Historical Minutes](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1oUewPsFElpzKHChf5BIeZ2oN8LcQX_aE?usp=share)
- [Redbrick Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1J82f89bfD7vnDI9GN9zwbUS9IjNZU27B)
- [Spreadsheet Important / Useful Names](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xj-HMHdSv-JTnQmNPFaUBW_1YJQDOoI66kGcjUqharU/edit#gid=634347005)
- [Spreadsheet - Interview Questions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HqnjHHjc9r5ocweKvDk-3TGMZebWkHk1Z5iSFceoU-o/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Discord Invite Link](https://discord.redbrick.dcu.ie/)
- [C&S Committee Portal](https://cp.dcuclubsandsocs.ie)
