---
id: "2025-02-10"
aliases:
  - 2025-02-10 Agenda Template
tags:
  - minutes,
  - agenda,
  - committee
author: `Secretary`
date: "2025-02-10"
title: 2025-02-10 Agenda
---
# 2025-02-10 Agenda Template

- **Start**: 2025-02-10 18:00
- **Present**: `SysAdmin`, `Events`, `SysAdmin`, `Chair`, `PRO`, `Secretary`, `SysAdmin`, `Webmaster`, `HelpDesk`, `HelpDesk`, `Events`, `First Year Rep`
- **Absent**: `Treasurer`, `GDO`, `Ordinary Member`, `Ordinary Member`
- **Excused**: `Vice-Chair`,  `GDO`
- **Late**:

---

# Agenda:
> Please add your Redbrick `username` beside agenda items.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=blue]

> If you cannot attend the meeting, please inform `Secretary` with your reason.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=red]

:::warning
- [ ] Check previous minutes - `Secretary`
:::

## Chair:
-

## Vice-Chair:
-

## SysAdmins:
- Mixpost is dead long live Postiz - `SysAdmin`
- vault, plausible, privatebin upgraded - `SysAdmin`
- moved every service to have its own db container - RAM go brr - `SysAdmin`
- some refactoring - `SysAdmin`
- traefik unscuffed - `SysAdmin`
- mail is painful, but progress being made
- SIG hardware - `SysAdmin`

## Events:
- committee lightning talks this week - `Events`
- I'm all out of ideas for next week I have been many stress - `Events`
- do we wanna do even with esports? - `SysAdmin`
    - depends on what event - `Events`
- Need list of people giving talks/If anyone wants to give one lmk. - `Events`
    - `SysAdmin`, `Events`, `SysAdmin`, `GDO`, `SysAdmin`, `Secretary`


## Treasurer:
-

## HelpDesk:
- How was last week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - ðŸ’¥ðŸ’¥
- Plan for this week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - gavinho do le CTF hackingclub `HelpDesk`
- Plan for next week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - Admin hackerclub? - `HelpDesk`
    - Shell? Could do Discord call on Tuesday night for preparation - `HelpDesk`, `HelpDesk`

## Webmaster:
- Links for SIG and CTF removed from website - `Webmaster`
- I have been forgetting to do stuff, so a schedule to keep myself on track:
    - Tuesday: test starboard in production
    - Before Friday: create blockbot command for updating consul templates (prep for dynamically updating links on atlas)
    - Before Friday: setup database stuff for user reminders
    - Before Monday: complete as much of user reminders as possible

## Secretary:
- Anything extra needed for the newsletter - `Chair`
- Going to have to start harassing people again for details about events and other newsletter items in advance of each newsletter being posted - `Secretary`

## PRO:
- nothin' new - `PRO`

## GDO:
- Required graphics for upcoming events - `Chair`

## First Year Rep:
-

## Ordinary Members:
-

## Common Room Committee:
- All okay for the moment - `Events`

## Points of Discussion:
- SISTEM ... `SysAdmin`
    - Techweek but worse (Limerick)

# AOB:
- Member kicked, can get explanation please? - `Events`
- Happy Monday! - `Secretary`

---

# Minutes:

## Points of Info:

> Started at: `18:00`
> Does Committee agree on last weeks minutes: `yes`
> Ended meetings discussions at: `19:00`

### Chair Update:
- Nothing to report - `Chair`

### Vice-Chair Update:
- Vice-Chair has despawned :( - `Secretary`

### SysAdmin Update:
- Mixpost unnecessary but we might get it anyway - `SysAdmin`
- Worked on mail, but not fixed yet - `SysAdmin`
- Other small fixes, changes and proposals as detailed above - `SysAdmin`

### Events Update:
- Committee Lightning Talks this week - `Events`
- Next week yet to be determined - `Events`
- Potential intersoc with eSports (Minecraft-theme) - `SysAdmin`
- Full list needed of people giving Lightning Talks:  - `Events`

### Treasurer Update:
- Treasurer has despawned - `Secretary`

### Helpdesk Update:
- Last week went well, this week CTF, next week -

### Webmaster Update:
- Temp links for SIG and CTF have been removed -`Webmaster`
- Schedule (see above) laid out for the coming week's work - `Webmaster`

### Secretary Update:
- No - `Secretary`

### PRO Update:
- Nothing to report - `Secretary`

### GDO Update:
- GDO has despawned - `Secretary`

### First Year Rep Update:
- Alive barely - `First Year Rep`

### Ordinary Member Update:
- Ordinary members have despawned - `Secretary`

### Common Room Committee Update:
- Ok for the moment - `Secretary`

## Points of Discusion:
-

## AOB:
- Lively discussion about wording of constitution regarding alumni membership - `Secretary`, `SysAdmin`, `Events`, `Chair`, `SysAdmin`

## Hackerclub TLDR
- Name: CTF
- Description
- Date: 11/2/2025
- Time:
- Room:

## Event TLDR
- Name: Committee Lightning Talks
- Description
- Date: 12/2/2025
- Time:
- Room:

# Action Items:
- [ ] `all` - Read the minutes!
- [ ] `events` - submit event plan for next week
- [ ] `helpdesk` - prepare hackerclub for this week
- [ ] `GDO` - make posters for hackerclub and main event

---

# Useful Links:

- [Open Governance Repo](https://github.com/redbrick/open-governance/tree/master/minutes/)
- [Historical Minutes](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1oUewPsFElpzKHChf5BIeZ2oN8LcQX_aE?usp=share)
- [Redbrick Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1J82f89bfD7vnDI9GN9zwbUS9IjNZU27B)
- [Spreadsheet Important / Useful Names](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xj-HMHdSv-JTnQmNPFaUBW_1YJQDOoI66kGcjUqharU/edit#gid=634347005)
- [Spreadsheet - Interview Questions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HqnjHHjc9r5ocweKvDk-3TGMZebWkHk1Z5iSFceoU-o/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Discord Invite Link](https://discord.redbrick.dcu.ie/)
- [C&S Committee Portal](https://cp.dcuclubsandsocs.ie)
