---
id: "2025-03-18"
aliases:
  - 2025-03-18 Agenda
tags:
  - minutes
  - agenda
  - committee
author: Secretary
date: "2025-03-18"
title: 2025-03-18 Agenda
---
# 2025-03-18 Agenda

- **Start**: 2025-03-18 20:00
- **Present**: `Treasurer`, `Vice-Chair`, `GDO`, `Events`, `SysAdmin`, `Chair`, `PRO`, `Secretary`, `SysAdmin`, `Webmaster`, `HelpDesk`, `HelpDesk`, `First Year Rep`, `Events`
- **Absent**:
- **Excused**: `SysAdmin`, `Ordinary Member`, `Ordinary Member`,
- **Late**:

---

# Agenda:
> Please add your Redbrick `username` beside agenda items.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=blue]

> If you cannot attend the meeting, please inform `Secretary` with your reason.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=red]

:::warning
- [x] Check previous minutes - `Secretary`
:::

## Chair:
- Start preparing handover info - `Chair`
- Ball tickets, event still not approved - `Chair`
- Pub quiz as last event, week after agm? - `Chair`

## Vice-Chair:
-

## SysAdmins:
- `Chair`ing it and by it I mean by admin exam

## Events:
- How was last week's event - `Chair`
  - Mafia Night, very fun + successful. - `Events`
- Plan for this week's event - `Chair`
  - LAN Party, got a switch with mario party on it + more. (Really just a gaming night but whatever) - `Events`
- Clubsandsocs asking for a meeting tomorrow at 10am-11am regarding CS Ball. Who's going with? Ideally someone who helped organise. - `Events`
- Interest for Arista talk still hasn't hit 20, all committee who are going please do it so we get an event ([form here](https://forms.gle/rRnecWec49YjeW486)) - `Events`
## Treasurer:
-

## HelpDesk:
- How was last week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - Went well, very low attendance - `HelpDesk`
    - gr8 attention tho! `HelpDesk`
- Plan for this week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - Retro programming languages and helpdesk exam - `HelpDesk`
    - Went well too, but also low attendance. - `HelpDesk`
    - Five people took the exam - `HelpDesk`
- Plan for next week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - Making a discord bot - `HelpDesk`
- We could randomise the times when pizza arrives to stop people from showing up to the events just for pizza. - `HelpDesk`
  - fire idea + agreed please stop the munchers- `Events`
  - they're already randomised /s `HelpDesk`

## Webmaster:
- `SysAdmin` and `Webmaster` have had a very productive week - `Webmaster`
- blockbot:
    - new welcome message and `/register` command
- atlas:
    - new black/amoled theme
    - compression, image proxy, bugfixes - greatly improved performance
    - request for `PRO` to write an up-to-date 'about Redbrick' for [this](https://review-about-sections.redbrick.dcu.ie/#about) and pick some images from events for the new events section

## Secretary:
- Anything extra needed for the newsletter - ``Chair`
- Yep, just extra info about CS Ball to promote in newsletter - `Secretary`

## PRO:
- to get the agm sent out and stuff - `PRO`

## GDO:
- Required graphics for upcoming events - `Chair`
- LAN event graphics - `GDO`
- AGM poster finished - `GDO`

## First Year Rep:
- am in foreign (to you) country -`First Year Rep`
- `Events` has my awards ticket, hopefully he won't be rejected at the door - `First Year Rep`

## Ordinary Members:
-

## Common Room Committee:
-

## Points of Discussion:
- No clarification on exam expiry + qualified rerunning

# AOB:

- Happy Tuesday! - `Secretary`

---

# Minutes:

## Points of Info:

> Started at: `20:05`
> Does Committee agree on last weeks minutes: `yes`
> Ended meetings discussions at: `20:45`

### Chair Update:
- Start preparing handover doc - `Chair`
- Agm, pub quiz and Arista event still to be tackled. Overall, things starting to wind down - `Chair`

### Vice-Chair Update:
-

### SysAdmin Update:
- Exam halfway done, will be ready by Friday - `SysAdmin`

### Events Update:
- People needed for meeting with C&S at 10am Wednesday 19th, Tome and Hypnoant chosen - `Events`

### Treasurer Update:
- No updates really, all money transferred as needed - `Treasurer`

### Helpdesk Update:
- Last 2 hackerclubs went well, but low attendance - `HelpDesk`
- Next week Discord bot using discord.py - `HelpDesk`

### Webmaster Update:
- Blockbot registering should be simpler for users now - `Webmaster`
- Website has new theme, no issues - `Webmaster`
- Image compression, file compression, bug fixes, overall performance enhancements - `Webmaster`

### Secretary Update:
-

### PRO Update:
- AGM announcement to be done - `PRO`

### GDO Update:
- AGM poster ready, LAN event graphic, pub quiz needed further down the line - `GDO`

### First Year Rep Update:
-

### Ordinary Member Update:
-

### Common Room Committee Update:
- Disappearance of cans
- Rules being rewritten

## Points of Discusion:
- Clarification of exam expiry and rerunning (yes, `Old Webmaster` can run for re-election) - `Secretary`

## AOB:


## Hackerclub TLDR
- Name: Discord Bot
- Description: Creating a discord bot with python
- Date: 25/03/25
- Time: 12:00 - 2:00
- Room: L114

## Event TLDR
- Name: AGM
- Description: Redbrick AGM
- Date: 27/03/25
- Time: 19:00 - 20:30
- Room: LG25

# Action Items:
- [ ] `all` - Read the minutes!
- [ ] `events` - submit event plan for next week
- [ ] `helpdesk` - prepare hackerclub for this week
- [ ] `GDO` - make posters for hackerclub and main event
- [ ] `events` - Check with Ash for Pub Quiz
- [ ] `admins` - Write Exam
- [ ] `SysAdmin`, `Ordinary Member` - CS BALL Meeting
- [ ] `Secretary` - Send out newsletter, include CS ball, Arista

---

# Useful Links:

- [Open Governance Repo](https://github.com/redbrick/open-governance/tree/master/minutes/)
- [Historical Minutes](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1oUewPsFElpzKHChf5BIeZ2oN8LcQX_aE?usp=share)
- [Redbrick Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1J82f89bfD7vnDI9GN9zwbUS9IjNZU27B)
- [Spreadsheet Important / Useful Names](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xj-HMHdSv-JTnQmNPFaUBW_1YJQDOoI66kGcjUqharU/edit#gid=634347005)
- [Spreadsheet - Interview Questions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HqnjHHjc9r5ocweKvDk-3TGMZebWkHk1Z5iSFceoU-o/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Discord Invite Link](https://discord.redbrick.dcu.ie/)
- [C&S Committee Portal](https://cp.dcuclubsandsocs.ie)
