---
id: "2025-02-04"
aliases:
  - 2025-02-04 Agenda Template
tags:
  - minutes,
  - agenda,
  - committee
author: `Secretary`
date: "2025-02-04"
title: 2025-02-04 Agenda
---
# 2025-02-04 Agenda Template

- **Start**: 2025-02-04 18:00
- **Present**: `Treasurer`, `GDO`, `SysAdmin`, `Events`, `Chair`, `PRO`, `Ordinary Member`, `Secretary`, `SysAdmin`, `HelpDesk`, `HelpDesk`, `First Year Rep`, `Events`
- **Absent**: `Vice-Chair`,
- **Excused**: `Ordinary Member`, `SysAdmin`, `Webmaster`
- **Late**:

---

# Agenda:
> Please add your Redbrick `username` beside agenda items.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=blue]

> If you cannot attend the meeting, please inform `Secretary` with your reason.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=red]

:::warning
- [x] Check previous minutes - `Secretary`
:::

## Chair:
- Timetable - `Chair`
- Gift for common room member - `Chair`
- Update on common room rules approval - `Chair`
    - Can you clarify more - `SysAdmin`
- Hoodies, where are we at? - `Chair`

## Vice-Chair:
-

## SysAdmins:
## 🍻 - `SysAdmin`

## Events:
- Tech week went well enough, fine attendance and all ran smoothly - `Events`
- SIG this week, inshallah all goes well - `Events`
- Committee lightning talks next week, organised by `Events`, volunteers? - `Events`
- Event ideas for the rest of the semester would be much appreicated - `Events`

## Treasurer:
- hoodie payment - `Treasurer`
- workday - `Treasurer`

## HelpDesk:
- How was last week's hackerclub - `Chair`
- Plan for this week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - Networks - `HelpDesk` and `HelpDesk`
- Plan for next week's hackerclub - `Chair`

## Webmaster:
-

## Secretary:
- Anything extra needed for the newsletter - `Chair`
- Permission to violate the glorious weekly plan and do newsletter on Fridays as it would make my life incredibly easier - `Secretary`

## PRO:
- uploaded tech week photos to c&s newsletter (reoccuring) - `PRO`
- got a few cheeky photos of todays event (__and will__ get a few of SIG tomorrow) - `PRO`
- `HelpDesk` & `HelpDesk` you did pretty well for today's hackerclub! s- `PRO`

## GDO:
- Required graphics for upcoming events - `Chair`

## First Year Rep:
- :) - `First Year Rep`

## Ordinary Members:
- Hunting down non hoodie payers - `Ordinary Member`
    - I'm the dog
    - The big bad dog
    - The ~~bounty hunter~~ hall monitor

## Common Room Committee:
-

## Points of Discussion:
-

# AOB:

- Happy tuesday! - `Secretary`
- Clapped idk if CTF will happen PLZ APPLY - `SysAdmin`

---

# Minutes:

## Points of Info:

> Started at: `18:05`
> Does Committee agree on last weeks minutes: `yes`
> Ended meetings discussions at: `18:30`

### Chair Update:
- Additional clarification on new Common Room rules - `Chair`
- Reminder to all committee members to take note of the weekly schedule of tasks - `Chair`

### Vice-Chair Update:
- Vice-chair has despawned - `Secretary`

### SysAdmin Update:
- Mixpost within a week, and potentially a return of mail - `SysAdmin`

### Events Update:
- SIG tomorrow, Committee lightning-talks next week - `Events`
- Anyone wishing to give a talk, go to `Events` - `Events`

### Treasurer Update:
- Redbrick account needs to be redone due to broken phone :( - `Treasurer`
- Hoodie payments needed as previous - `Treasurer`
- Potential for a Workday visit (interest form needed) - `Treasurer`

### Helpdesk Update:
- Networks went well, decent attendance - `HelpDesk`
- Next week will be intro to CTF, delivered by `SysAdmin`, Hackerclub: Admin Edition is in the pipeline but will be delayed by 3rd Year Project deadlines - `HelpDesk` & `SysAdmin`

### Webmaster Update:
- Webmaster has despawned - `Secretary`

### Secretary Update:
- Nothing new to report - `Secretary`

### PRO Update:
- Photos uploaded from Tech Week and Hackerclub - `PRO`
- Social media posts are up to date - `PRO`

### GDO Update:
- Graphics to be done for CTF, Hackerclub and Committee Lightning Talks - `GDO`

### First Year Rep Update:
- Mission Improbable: Propagandise 1st Years (and as many others as possible) for Workday event - `First Year Rep`

### Ordinary Member Update:
- Nothing to report - `Ordinary Member`

### Common Room Committee Update:
- All quiet on the Western Front - `Secretary` and ``

## Points of Discusion:
-

## AOB:


## Hackerclub TLDR
- Name:
- Description
- Date:
- Time:
- Room:

## Event TLDR
- Name:
- Description
- Date:
- Time:
- Room:

# Action Items:
- [ ] `all` - Read the minutes!
- [ ] `events` - submit event plan for next week
- [ ] `helpdesk` - prepare hackerclub for this week
- [ ] `GDO` - make posters for hackerclub and main event
- [ ] `SysAdmin` - make slides for hackerclub ctf
- [ ] `admins` - Fix mail
- [ ] `SysAdmin` - linkedin maxxing..... TECHWEEK

---

# Useful Links:

- [Open Governance Repo](https://github.com/redbrick/open-governance/tree/master/minutes/)
- [Historical Minutes](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1oUewPsFElpzKHChf5BIeZ2oN8LcQX_aE?usp=share)
- [Redbrick Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1J82f89bfD7vnDI9GN9zwbUS9IjNZU27B)
- [Spreadsheet Important / Useful Names](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xj-HMHdSv-JTnQmNPFaUBW_1YJQDOoI66kGcjUqharU/edit#gid=634347005)
- [Spreadsheet - Interview Questions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HqnjHHjc9r5ocweKvDk-3TGMZebWkHk1Z5iSFceoU-o/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Discord Invite Link](https://discord.redbrick.dcu.ie/)
- [C&S Committee Portal](https://cp.dcuclubsandsocs.ie)
