---
id: "2025-03-10"
aliases:
  - 2025-03-10 Agenda
tags:
  - minutes
  - agenda
  - committee
author: Secretary
date: "2025-03-10"
title: 2025-03-10 Agenda
---
# 2025-03-10 Agenda

- **Start**: 2025-03-10 20:00
- **Present**: `Treasurer`, `Vice-Chair`, `GDO`, `SysAdmin`, `SysAdmin`, `Chair`, `PRO`, `SysAdmin`, `HelpDesk`, `First Year Rep`, `HelpDesk`
- **Absent**: `Ordinary Member`, `Ordinary Member`, `Events`, `Webmaster`
- **Excused**: `Events`, `Secretary`,
- **Late**:

---

# Agenda:
> Please add your Redbrick `username` beside agenda items.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=blue]

> If you cannot attend the meeting, please inform `Secretary` with your reason.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=red]

> [!warning]
> - [x] Check previous minutes - `Secretary`

## Chair:
-

## Vice-Chair:
-

## SysAdmins:
- Nada

## Events:
- How was last week's event - `Chair`
- Plan for this week's event - `Chair`
- Plan for next week's event - `Chair`

## Treasurer:
- I paid the money back - `Treasurer`
- Not enough people for workday visit thinking about saying no - `Treasurer`

## HelpDesk:
- How was last week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - pizza - `HelpDesk`
- Plan for this week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - History of Computing - `HelpDesk`
- Plan for next week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - Retro programming languages methinks - `HelpDesk`

## Webmaster:
-

## Secretary:
- Anything extra needed for the newsletter - `Chair`

## PRO:
- for peeps on campus please take photos it'd be really helpful <3 - `PRO`
- I'll send thru the announce for the helpdesk/admin exams tn - `PRO`
- `Secretary` please please please get the newsletter done & also improve your minutes :( - `PRO`

## GDO:
- Required graphics for upcoming events - `Chair`
- This week done, next week to go - `GDO`

## First Year Rep:
- Gone next week -`First Year Rep`

## Ordinary Members:
-

## Common Room Committee:
-

## Points of Discussion:
- Interpints
- SISTEM

# AOB:
-

- Happy Monday! - `Secretary`

---

# Minutes:

## Points of Info:

> Started at: `20:08`
> Does Committee agree on last weeks minutes: `yes`
> Ended meetings discussions at: `20:35`

### Chair Update:
- Nada

### Vice-Chair Update:
- Nada - In Country again

### SysAdmin Update:
- Nada
- Progress On mail
- 4 - 5 interested in exam
    - For exams get interest dms to `SysAdmin`


### Events Update:
- Last week - Good with `SysAdmin`
    - `SysAdmin` didn't show up
- Mafia Event this week
- No plan for next week - `Events` working on it
- AGM in 2 weeks, Pub quiz after that.

### Treasurer Update:
- Money transferred from Rev to RB account (~900 euro)
- No workday visit, low form response ~10 ppl, Maybe next year

### Helpdesk Update:
- Admin Last week - Bueno
- This week - History of computing
    - Basics of history of computing
    - More interactive elements being worked on
- Next week
    - Retro Programming languages
- For exams get interest dms to `HelpDesk`

### Webmaster Update:
- For exams get interest dms to `Webmaster`

### Secretary Update:
- New secretary - `SysAdmin`

### PRO Update:
- Exams announce soon
- Event announce soon
- CSBall announce soon

### GDO Update:
- POSTER TO-DO
    - Mafia poster - L125 - 1-3pm - 12/03/25
- Retro Programming languages
    - Info Below
- AGM Poster
    - 27th - 7-8pm - CG12

### First Year Rep Update:
- Gone next week

### Ordinary Member Update:
- Nada

### Common Room Committee Update:
- New TV from Engsoc Member
    - Shelf Fixed (Nothing happend)
- Speaker good again

## Points of Discusion:
-

## AOB:


## Hackerclub TLDR
- Name: Retro Programming Lauguages
- Description: A look at different programming languages throughout history covering different conventions and how we came to the programming languages we use today.
- Date: Tuesday 18/03/25
- Time: 12:00 - 2:00pm
- Room: L114

## Event TLDR
- Name: No idea yet
- Description: No clue
- Date: Wednesday 19/03/24
- Time: 1:00 - 3:00pm
- Room: L125

# Action Items:
- [x] `all` - Read the minutes!
- [ ] `events` - submit event plan for this and decide on event for next week
- [ ] `helpdesk` - prepare hackerclub for next week
- [ ] `GDO` - Make Posters for Mafia poster - L125 - 1-3pm - 12/03/25
- [ ] `GDO` - Make Retro Programming languages hacker club poster for next week
- [ ] `GDO`  - Make AGM Poster - 27th - 7-8pm - CG12
- [ ] `PRO` - Event annouce
- [ ] `PRO` - CSBall annouce
- [ ] `admins` - write exam
- [ ] `helpdesk` - write exam
- [ ] `webmaster` - write exam

---

# Useful Links:

- [Open Governance Repo](https://github.com/redbrick/open-governance/tree/master/minutes/)
- [Historical Minutes](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1oUewPsFElpzKHChf5BIeZ2oN8LcQX_aE?usp=share)
- [Redbrick Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1J82f89bfD7vnDI9GN9zwbUS9IjNZU27B)
- [Spreadsheet Important / Useful Names](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xj-HMHdSv-JTnQmNPFaUBW_1YJQDOoI66kGcjUqharU/edit#gid=634347005)
- [Spreadsheet - Interview Questions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HqnjHHjc9r5ocweKvDk-3TGMZebWkHk1Z5iSFceoU-o/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Discord Invite Link](https://discord.redbrick.dcu.ie/)
- [C&S Committee Portal](https://cp.dcuclubsandsocs.ie)
