---
id: "2025-03-03"
aliases:
  - 2025-03-03 Agenda Template
tags:
  - minutes
  - agenda
  - committee
author: Secretary
date: "2025-03-03"
title: 2025-03-03 Agenda
---
# 2025-03-03 Agenda Template

- **Start**: 2025-03-03 18:00
- **Present**: `Treasurer`, `GDO`, `SysAdmin`, `Events`, `SysAdmin`, `Chair`, `PRO`,  `Secretary`, `SysAdmin`, `Webmaster`, `HelpDesk`, `HelpDesk`, `First Year Rep`, `Events`
- **Absent**: `Vice-Chair`, `Ordinary Member`, `Ordinary Member`
- **Excused**:
- **Late**:

---

# Agenda:
> Please add your Redbrick `username` beside agenda items.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=blue]

> If you cannot attend the meeting, please inform `Secretary` with your reason.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=red]

:::warning
- [ ] Check previous minutes - `Secretary`
:::

## Chair:
- C&S Awards Recap
- Best society writing plan
- Free ticket raffle
- Plan for admin week
- Next week's meeting, intra time
- Workday email
- AWS thing

## Vice-Chair:
-

## SysAdmins:
- ZeroDays and Sistem won't get funding or approval (I finally read c&s panel :skull:) - `SysAdmin`
- Sistem got pushed back (Technically 3rd time) - `SysAdmin`
- Zerodays contact all the dudes who wanna go + post poster in external events - `SysAdmin`
- Uptime kuma -`SysAdmin`
- Bunch of absolute stuff - `SysAdmin` `SysAdmin`

## Events:
- No event last week so no update - `Events`
- Admin bootcamp on wednesday, I have onboarding lunch but I trust `SysAdmin` and `SysAdmin` - `Events`
- Contact made with Arista for another event this sem - `Events`
- Google trying to contact us, will see what is up when we receive email - `Events`
- I will possibly disappear for a while when starting INTRA - `Events`
    - `Events` has hopefully learned well enough to take the lead

## Treasurer:
-

## HelpDesk:
- How was last week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - INCREDIBLE AMAZINGS `HelpDesk`
- Plan for this week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - Admin hackercloob
- Plan for next week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - History of Computing

## Webmaster:
- updates to website (incl. auto-deploys! ty ~~admins~~ `SysAdmin`) - `Webmaster`
- reviewing events PR - `Webmaster`
- database update? - `Webmaster`
    - database works!

## Secretary:
- Anything extra needed for the newsletter - `Chair`
- Nope - `Secretary`

## PRO:
- wednesday's event to be announced later this evening - `PRO`
- availability for now is the same until "INTRA", I'm still happy to come in and try get photos taken / keep an eye on the common room - `PRO`
## GDO:
- Required graphics for upcoming events - `Chair`
- template for cmt exams (time? or no) - `GDO`
## First Year Rep:
- Discord album listening party - `First Year Rep`

## Ordinary Members:
-

## Common Room Committee:
-

## Points of Discussion:
- Discussions in lobby and intersocs
- Handover weekend?? - `PRO` (mentioned real early this morning)
- INTERPINT's - `SysAdmin` (I am intersocs events manager)

# AOB:

- Happy Monday! - `Secretary`

---

# Minutes:

## Points of Info:

> Started at: `18:15`
> Does Committee agree on last weeks minutes: `yes`
> Ended meetings discussions at: `HH:MM`

### Chair Update:
- Congratulations to `GDO` on his free C&S ticket - `Secretary`
- Plan for Admin Week (see below in Admin Section) - `Chair` & `SysAdmin`
- AWS thing is big nono - `Secretary`
- Workday interest form to be sent out - `Chair`

### Vice-Chair Update:
-

### SysAdmin Update:
- No funding for ZeroDays CTF or Sistem - `SysAdmin`
- Sistem pushed back again to - `SysAdmin`

### Events Update:
- Not present for this week's events but Admin Bootcamp is in good hands - `Events`
- Arista
- Google
- Intra

### Treasurer Update:
-

### Helpdesk Update:
- No traditional Hackerclub this week, nothing to report - `HelpDesk`

### Webmaster Update:
- Website updates
- Reviewing events PR
- Blockbot database update very nearly ready

### Secretary Update:
- No - `Secretary`

### PRO Update:
- Happy to keep working away until Intra begins - `PRO`

### GDO Update:
-

### First Year Rep Update:
- Discord listening party suggestion

### Ordinary Member Update:
-

### Common Room Committee Update:
-

## Points of Discusion:
- Handover bonding proposed - `SysAdmin` & `Chair`
- Interpints on 15th March 6pm at location to be determined (provisionally Mulligan's or Mema's) - `SysAdmin`

## AOB:


## Hackerclub TLDR
- Name: Admin Hackerclub
- Description
- Date:
- Time:
- Room:

## Event TLDR
- Name: Admin Bootcamp
- Description
- Date:
- Time:
- Room:

# Action Items:
- [ ] `all` - Read the minutes!
- [ ] `events` - submit event plan for next week
- [ ] `helpdesk` - prepare hackerclub for this week
- [ ] `GDO` - make posters for hackerclub and main event

---

# Useful Links:

- [Open Governance Repo](https://github.com/redbrick/open-governance/tree/master/minutes/)
- [Historical Minutes](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1oUewPsFElpzKHChf5BIeZ2oN8LcQX_aE?usp=share)
- [Redbrick Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1J82f89bfD7vnDI9GN9zwbUS9IjNZU27B)
- [Spreadsheet Important / Useful Names](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xj-HMHdSv-JTnQmNPFaUBW_1YJQDOoI66kGcjUqharU/edit#gid=634347005)
- [Spreadsheet - Interview Questions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HqnjHHjc9r5ocweKvDk-3TGMZebWkHk1Z5iSFceoU-o/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Discord Invite Link](https://discord.redbrick.dcu.ie/)
- [C&S Committee Portal](https://cp.dcuclubsandsocs.ie)
