---
id: "2025-01-27"
aliases:
  - 2025-01-27 Agenda Template
tags:
  - minutes
  - agenda
  - committee
author: Secretary
date: "2025-01-27"
title: 2025-01-27 Agenda
---
# 2025-01-27 Agenda Template

- **Start**: 2025-01-27 18:00
- **Present**: `Vice-Chair`, `SysAdmin`, `Events`, `SysAdmin`, `Chair`, `PRO`, `Ordinary Member`, `Secretary`, `SysAdmin`, `Webmaster`, `HelpDesk`, `First Year Rep`, `Events`, `magma`, `GDO`, `Treasurer`
- **Absent**:
- **Excused**: `HelpDesk`, `Ordinary Member`
- **Late**:

---

# Agenda:
> Please add your Redbrick `username` beside agenda items.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=blue]

> If you cannot attend the meeting, please inform `Secretary` with your reason.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=red]

> [!warning]
> - [x] Check previous minutes - `Secretary`

## Chair:
- new weekly timetable - `Chair`
    - Monday: Discuss next week's event and hackerclub during the meeting
    - Tuesday Morning: Reminder about hackerclub later today
    - Tuesday: Hackerclub and event confirmed, rooms booked and posters requested
    - Wednesday Morning: Reminder about event later today
    - Wednesday: Submit event plan
    - Thursday: Posters finished, announcements and final info prepared
    - Friday: Announce Hackerclub
    - Saturday: Announce Event, Agenda for meeting goes out
    - Sunday: Newsletter goes out
- proposed changes to common room rules - `Chair`
    - https://github.com/redbrick/open-governance/blob/common-room-rules-update/documents/Common-Room-Rules.md
- tech week - `Chair`
    - everyone please get involved with promoting it
    - wear redbrick hoodies to talks if you have them
    - if you're not in lectures/meetings please be at the talks, it would be great to have a large committee presence
- mixpost - `Chair`
    - funded by c&s
    - purchase at end of meeting
- hoodies
    - where we at
    - ~~can we please start collecting payments pls pls pls pls pls pls pls pls pls pls~~ - `SysAdmin`
- c&s awards submissions
    - opening soon
    - start thinking about what you want to submit
    - categories:
- c&s ball
    - few quotes from hotels
    - meeting on friday
- committee bonding
    - bowling?

## Vice-Chair:
-

## SysAdmins:
- Mixpost to be bought - `SysAdmin`
    - As soon as it's setup discovery of features with `PRO` - `SysAdmin`
    - maybe no mixpost yet? we might have a better solution - `SysAdmin`
    - `SysAdmin` keep safe :)
- ZeroDayz CTF very few signups 2 ppl - `SysAdmin`
    - Possible insta story?

## Events:
- Tech week is going :thumbsup: - `Events`
    - No time to think about next week tbh `Events` for next weeks?
- Ops on a Redbrick trivia night? - `Events`
    - kinda like rb history but it's a quiz with a winner, prize etc
    - a section on the wiki with winners of stuff like this is a cool prize imo

## Treasurer:
-

## HelpDesk:
- How was last week's hackerclub - `Chair`
- Plan for this week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - None, NULL, Nil, Nada
- Plan for next week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - Networking Intro [[`HelpDesk`]]

## Webmaster:
- Small update to gallery on atlas - `Webmaster`
- Got some requests for atlas and blockbot - `Webmaster`

## Secretary:
- Anything extra needed for the newsletter - `Chair`
- Reminder to be respectful when filling in agenda and NOT fill in multiple peoples' sections with your own interjections - `Secretary`

## PRO:
- I'ma try get tech week promotions/posters sent out ASAP :disappointed_relieved: - `PRO`
    - Photos for tech week (at events) - I will be busy for this week (and next) with Comms, would anyone be up to take photos at the events?
        (looking at you `ordinary members`!) - `PRO`
- I want to get back into making post recaps for Instagram, showing off what we do at hackerclubs/events (and also to help boost numbers) - `PRO`
- `Secretary` please get the newsletter done, i beg - `PRO`

## GDO:
- Required graphics for upcoming events - `Chair`
- I make pretty pixel - `GDO`

## First Year Rep:
- Looking forward to giving the lua talk tomorrow! -`First Year Rep`

## Ordinary Members:
- hoodie payment deadline need payment info - `Ordinary Member`

## Common Room Committee:
-

## Points of Discussion:
-

# AOB:

- Happy Monday! - `Secretary`
- Monday Happyyy `HelpDesk`
-
---

# Minutes:

## Points of Info:

> Started at: `18:00`
> Does Committee agree on last weeks minutes: `yes`
> Ended meetings discussions at: `19:00`

### Chair Update:
- New weekly timetable - `Chair`
- All members asked to make a special effort to promote and attend Tech Week events - `Chair`
- C&S Awards open for nominations soon - `Chair`
- Committee bonding event proposed - `Chair`

### Vice-Chair Update:
- "Send me your timetables for committee bonding please" - `Vice-Chair`

### SysAdmin Update:
- Mixpost
- ZeroDays CTF

### Events Update:
- "Tech Week going" - `Events`
- Request for committee members to promote RB events more in their personal friend groups in an effort to boost turnout as per previous years - `Events`
- Proposal for RB Trivia Night - `Events`

### Treasurer Update:
-

### Helpdesk Update:
- No Hackerclub this week - `HelpDesk`
- Networking Intro for next week's Hackerclub - `HelpDesk`

### Webmaster Update:
- Small update to Atlas making it easier to add and remove images - `Webmaster`
- A few additional requests regarding Atlas and BlockBot  - `Webmaster`
  - Ability for committee to change links page on demand through blockbot (https://github.com/redbrick/atlas/issues/36 & https://github.com/redbrick/blockbot/issues/71)
  - Add events section/page (https://github.com/redbrick/atlas/issues/34)

### Secretary Update:
-

### PRO Update:
-

### GDO Update:
-

### First Year Rep Update:
-

### Ordinary Member Update:
-

### Common Room Committee Update:
- New member appointed, `First Year Rep`, welcome aboard - `Secretary`
- Thank you `SysAdmin` for all your hard work this year :) - `Secretary`

## Points of Discusion:
-

## AOB:


## Hackerclub TLDR
- Name:
- Description
- Date:
- Time:
- Room:

## Event TLDR
- Name:
- Description
- Date:
- Time:
- Room:

# Action Items:
- [ ] `all` - Read the minutes!
- [ ] `events` - submit event plan for next week
- [ ] `helpdesk` - prepare hackerclub for this week
- [ ] `GDO` - make posters for hackerclub and main event

---

# Useful Links:

- [Open Governance Repo](https://github.com/redbrick/open-governance/tree/master/minutes/)
- [Historical Minutes](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1oUewPsFElpzKHChf5BIeZ2oN8LcQX_aE?usp=share)
- [Redbrick Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1J82f89bfD7vnDI9GN9zwbUS9IjNZU27B)
- [Spreadsheet Important / Useful Names](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xj-HMHdSv-JTnQmNPFaUBW_1YJQDOoI66kGcjUqharU/edit#gid=634347005)
- [Spreadsheet - Interview Questions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HqnjHHjc9r5ocweKvDk-3TGMZebWkHk1Z5iSFceoU-o/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Discord Invite Link](https://discord.redbrick.dcu.ie/)
- [C&S Committee Portal](https://cp.dcuclubsandsocs.ie)
