---
id: "2025-03-24"
aliases:
  - 2025-03-24 Agenda Template
tags:
  - minutes,
  - agenda,
  - committee
author: `Secretary`
date: "2025-03-24"
title: 2025-03-24 Agenda
---
# 2025-03-24 Agenda Template

- **Start**: 2025-03-24 20:00
- **Present**: `Treasurer`, `Vice-Chair`, `GDO`, `SysAdmin`, `Events`, `Chair`, `SysAdmin`,  `Webmaster`, `HelpDesk`, `First Year Rep`, `Events`
- **Absent**: `Ordinary Member`, `Secretary`, `Ordinary Member`
- **Excused**: `PRO`
- **Late**: `HelpDesk`, `SysAdmin`

---

# Agenda:
> Please add your Redbrick `username` beside agenda items.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=blue]

> If you cannot attend the meeting, please inform `Secretary` with your reason.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=red]

:::warning
- [ ] Check previous minutes - `Secretary`
:::

## Chair:
- c&s awards, congrats to dom for getting individual contribution for redbrick and society personality
- congrats to helpdesk for hackerclub being runner up for best activity
- constitution changes for agm
    - political stance
    - clarifying the graduate/associate membership
    - the 2 year term
- pizza before or after agm?
- bics
- cs ball
    - please help promote it
    - email to go to graham about forwarding it to all comsci
- agm, order same as last year (defined in [constitution](https://redbrick.dcu.ie/open-governance/documents/constitution#4-governing-executive-committee))

## Vice-Chair:
-

## SysAdmins:
- exam was chaos ðŸ”¥ - `SysAdmin`
- results will be announced tonight - `SysAdmin`
- working with `Webmaster`: - `SysAdmin`
    - made atlas more efficient - *faster than TUD!!*
    - added black theme to atlas
    - images are now passed through the image proxy (`img.redbrick.dcu.ie`)
    - added a welcome message to blockbot for new users to show how to register
    - added a basic `/register` and `/verify` command for new users until the api rewrite is finished
- added https://open-governance.redbrick.dcu.ie - what do we think? - `SysAdmin`
- added PDF [releases](https://github.com/redbrick/open-governance/releases) to open-governence documents *(common room rules and constitution)* - `SysAdmin`
- webtree is nearly fully fixed - `SysAdmin`:
    - I am delay - `SysAdmin`
- Open-Gov signing after AGM ...
    - I will make keys - `SysAdmin`
    - Plz push everything to repo. Anon Minutes, Event Summaries, Decisions etc.

## Events:
- How was last week's event - `Chair`
  - good, we game'd. some members said they want more events like this. - `Events`
- Plan for this week's event - `Chair`
  - nada, cs ball + agm - `Events`
- Plan for next week's event - `Chair`
  - is it ~~bar~~ pub quiz time chat - `Events`
- Need to push announcement of Arista talk out asap. - `Events`

## Treasurer:

- Well deserved on the awards :33333 - `Treasurer`
- Final firehouse payment with me as treasurer on agm? - `Treasurer`
- I delete bank app from my phone on AGM? - so whats the plan for next sem? and other stuff this sem?- `Treasurer`
- I dont have anything for handing over - all the forms were physical and i just need to show them how to do stuff - `Treasurer`
- Do we reset the pin if Jake is no longer chair? Do I do it? or next treasurer? - `Treasurer`
- AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH - `Treasurer`
- I want to confirm that i sent the hoodie money to rb account before AGM - `Treasurer`
- Twas an amaze 4 years gois *cries* -`Treasurer`

## HelpDesk:
- How was last week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - Went well despite low attendance, exam went well too. - `HelpDesk`
    - everyone passed the exam - `HelpDesk`
- Plan for this week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - Making a discord bot - `HelpDesk`
    - Are poster and announcement ready? - `HelpDesk`
- Plan for next week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - Undefined (something for april fools) - `HelpDesk`
    - Great april fools' idea: no hackerclub `HelpDesk`
        - what about vege pizza - `First Year Rep`
        - no
    - Perhaps collaborate with the new helpdesks after AGM? - `HelpDesk`

## Webmaster:
- atlas: need to look at the events PR, much broken CSS - `Webmaster`
- blockbot: - `Webmaster`
    - new `/verify` command for new brickies
    - development & build flow greatly improved (docs updated too)
    - working on new database-less mode and improved debug mode
- exam was success

## Secretary:
- Anything extra needed for the newsletter - `Chair`

## PRO:
-

## GDO:
- Required graphics for upcoming events - `Chair`

## First Year Rep:
- I'm back (wow!) -`First Year Rep`

## Ordinary Members:
-

## Common Room Committee:
- Rule Rewrite still being worked on, hopefully will be ready to merge soon -`First Year Rep`

## Points of Discussion:
-

# AOB:
- ![](https://cdn.discordapp.com/stickers/965265868772741180.png)
- Happy ~~Tuesday~~ Monday! - `Secretary`

---

# Minutes:

## Points of Info:

> Started at: `20:08`
> Does Committee agree on last weeks minutes: `yes`
> Ended meetings discussions at: `21:08`

### Chair Update:
- Constitution
    - Associate retricted to in Redbrick in college, Alumni in RB after Leaving -> double check const that it's like this
    - Term more than 1 academic sem
    - Price for associates -> Open Gov
    - Political  -> Open Gov
- Contact Ash for table after AGM
    - Tagging + platters
- CS Ball promote send to Graham Healy

### Vice-Chair Update:
-

### SysAdmin Update:
- Exam done
    - Results tn
- `SysAdmin` cooking with upgrades + PDF's for C&S
- Open Gov signing

### Events Update:
- Event Good last week members want more gaming shtuff
- Next week Arista week after Pub Quiz
- `Events` handle announce for arista

### Treasurer Update:
- Final payment made during AGM
- App transfer (tbd)
- PIN change (tbd)

### Helpdesk Update:
- Exam - Everyone passed
- Announce for TMRW ... Discord bot
- April fools next week

### Webmaster Update:
- `SysAdmin` PR
- Build flow
- Exam - everyone passed

### Secretary Update:
-

### PRO Update:
-

### GDO Update:
- Events Posters

### First Year Rep Update:
- No updates

### Ordinary Member Update:
- Nada

### Common Room Committee Update:
- Guidelines will be pushed soon
- New committee elected at first handover meeting

## Points of Discusion:
-

## AOB:


## Hackerclub TLDR
- Name: Making a Discord Bot
- Description: Showing how to make a simple discord bot using `discord.py`
- Date: 25/03/2025
- Time: 12:00-14:00
- Room: L114

## Event TLDR
- Name: AGM
- Description: Annual General Meeting
- Date: 27/03/25
- Time:
- Room:

# Action Items:
- [ ] `all` - Read the minutes!
- [ ] `events` - submit event plan for next week
- [ ] `helpdesk` - prepare hackerclub for this week
- [ ] `GDO` - make posters for hackerclub and main event

---

# Useful Links:

- [Open Governance Repo](https://github.com/redbrick/open-governance/tree/master/minutes/)
- [Historical Minutes](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1oUewPsFElpzKHChf5BIeZ2oN8LcQX_aE?usp=share)
- [Redbrick Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1J82f89bfD7vnDI9GN9zwbUS9IjNZU27B)
- [Spreadsheet Important / Useful Names](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xj-HMHdSv-JTnQmNPFaUBW_1YJQDOoI66kGcjUqharU/edit#gid=634347005)
- [Spreadsheet - Interview Questions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HqnjHHjc9r5ocweKvDk-3TGMZebWkHk1Z5iSFceoU-o/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Discord Invite Link](https://discord.redbrick.dcu.ie/)
- [C&S Committee Portal](https://cp.dcuclubsandsocs.ie)
