---
id: "2025-01-13"
aliases:
  - 2025-01-13 Agenda
tags:
  - minutes
  - agenda
  - committee
author: Secretary
date: "2025-01-13"
title: 2025-01-13 Agenda
---
# 2025-01-13 Agenda

- **Start**: 2025-01-13 18:XX
- **Present**: `SysAdmin`, `Chair`, `Secretary`, `SysAdmin`, `Webmaster`, `HelpDesk`, `HelpDesk`, `First Year Rep`, `Events`, `GDO`, `SysAdmin`, `Ordinary Member`,
- **Absent**: `Ordinary Member`
- **Excused**: `Events`, `Vice-Chair`, `PRO`, `Treasurer`
- **Late**:

---

# Agenda:
> Please add your Redbrick `username` beside agenda items.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=blue]

> If you cannot attend the meeting, please inform `Secretary` with your reason.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=red]

> [!warning]
> - [ ] Check previous minutes - `Secretary`

## Chair:
- Welcome back everyone!
- Time slot for events
- Fosdem
- Hoodies
- Tech week
- Timeline
- CS Ball
- Meet the committee posts
- Mail
- Lecture drop ins
- Retrospective

## Vice-Chair:
-

## SysAdmins:
- Mail half baked - `SysAdmin`
- replace `Sysadmin` with bots - `SysAdmin`
- `Sysadmin` is a goom bean -`SysAdmin`

## Events:
- `Events` doing movie night this week? - `Events`
- Currently dealing with lots of stuff in background - `Events`
    - FOSDEM flight stuff is sorted now
        - we can go the day before but no comp for the extra night of accom from cns
    - Tech week stuff is happening in the background
    - Provisional event plan currently in the works
        - dm me with ideas please

## Treasurer:
-

## HelpDesk:
- How was this week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - Amazing, full attendance, all pizzas devoured - `HelpDesk`
- Plan for next week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - This week will be a Python Refresher - `HelpDesk`
    - Next week will be Humphrys and Shell? - `HelpDesk`

## Webmaster:
- blockbot has databases now (ty admins) so starboard and user reminders can be worked on / completed - `Webmaster`
- action items are getting improvements - `Webmaster`
- `magma` provided insight on issues with atlas build process, so can work on fixing them - `Webmaster`

## Secretary:
- Anything extra needed for the newsletter - `Chair`

## PRO:
- i'm away for the week, would it be okay if people kept an eye on things? - `PRO`

## GDO:
- Required graphics for next week - `Chair`

## First Year Rep:
- if you *desperately* need a talk for tech week... `First Year Rep`
- Glad everyone like the new grafiscs on the discord `First Year Rep`

## Ordinary Members:
-

## Common Room Committee:
- too early for anything to be going on yet - `Events`

## Points of Discussion:
-

# AOB:
- don't forget to change back from your christmas names on the server - `Vice-Chair`
- Happy Monday! - `Secretary`


## Retrospective:

### `Chair`

- :green_heart: events and hackerclub have been running smoothly, with good attendence, yous have been doing great, although hackerclub could do with more interactive elements
- :green_heart: budget go brrr, double the pizza and all the new server upgrades (biggest soc budget I'd say :eyes:), thanks `Treasurer` for sorting out all the treasurer stuff
- :green_heart: common room has been active this year, people are enjoying it
- :green_heart: socials have been looking real nice and announcements have been going out in advance, thanks `PRO`!
- :green_heart: thanks to the admins, especially dom for keeping our services stable this semester
- :green_heart: thanks `Events` for organising fosdem this year
- :broken_heart: some things were being done last minute, let's work on getting stuff done earlier
- :broken_heart: communication is something we could improve on, if you arent' available to do something, let people know, also check committee chat reguarly and respond to messages in there.

### `Events`
- :green_heart: people have been good about helping with events I appreciate - `Events`
- :broken_heart: lack of self motivation, people needing to be chased to actually do what theyve been asked - `Events`
- :broken_heart: committee meetings can feel like one side versus the other when we should be working together to solve problems - `Events`

### `SysAdmin`
`Sysadmin` needs to resign, he has been very lazy recently and he ditched the admins from a very good trip. and this mentally effected me that I could do no more work in redbrick and I was heartbroken for like 2 weeks. very sadge `Sysadmin`. :heart:

### `SysAdmin`


### `SysAdmin`
- :broken_heart: Cooked
- :green_heart: CLAPPED

### `Webmaster`
- :green_heart: lots of help from admins & `magma` with stuff for atlas & blockbot

### `HelpDesk`
- :green_heart: Many clubs were successfully hecked - `HelpDesk` and `HelpDesk`

### Ishitag
- :green_heart: happy admins take care of everything I don't understand but know its being done
- :green_heart: glad people are supporting events this year when needed
- :green_heart: socials look great so thanks to PRO and GDO
- :broken_heart: please don't put your name down for taking care of something if you aren't sure you can do it or if you do put your name down and something comes up please give adequate time so a replacement can be found

### `First Year Rep`
- :green_heart: A lot of resources provided by redbrick were genuinely useful

### `GDO`
- :green_heart: Good work on keeping up with events and giving appropriate time to get posters done.
- :broken_heart: My last semester with redbrick and DCU, very sadge ðŸ˜­
# Minutes:

## Points of Info:

> Started at: `18:10`
> Does Committee agree on last weeks minutes: `yes`
> Ended meetings discussions at: `HH:MM`

### Chair Update:
- Time slot for events is Wednesday at 1pm-3pm in L125 and needs to be booked for entire year - `Chair`
- Hostel for FOSDEM urgently needs to be booked, then flights  - `Chair`
- Hoodie orders have been finalised, now we just need to order them. We have enough orders for both types of hoodie - `Chair`
- We can contact Demonware, Mastercard, 2K, etc regarding Tech Week, which will be the week before Reading Week. - `Chair`
- C&S Ball
- Sistem

### Vice-Chair Update:
-

### SysAdmin Update:
- Mail is back, but not fully operational yet - `SysAdmin`
- Fixed Minecraft, got more RAM, got more storage,
- New Blockbot features are currently in the works -
-

### Events Update:
- Doing a movie night this week. Hackers has been chosen as the movie - `Events`

### Treasurer Update:
-

### Helpdesk Update:
-

### Webmaster Update:
-

### Secretary Update:
-

### PRO Update:
-

### GDO Update:
-

### First Year Rep Update:
-

### Ordinary Member Update:
-

### Common Room Committee Update:
-

## Points of Discusion:
-

## AOB:


## Hackerclub TLDR
- Name:
- Description
- Date:
- Time:
- Room:

## Event TLDR
- Name:
- Description
- Date:
- Time:
- Room:

# Action Items:
- [ ] `all` - Read the minutes!
- [ ] `events` - submit event plan for next week
- [ ] `helpdesk` - prepare hackerclub for this week
- [ ] `GDO` - make posters for hackerclub and main event
- [ ] `SysAdmin` - Contact Hostels
- [ ] `Ordinary Member` - Contact Hoodies and put through order
- [ ]

---

# Useful Links:

- [Open Governance Repo](https://github.com/redbrick/open-governance/tree/master/minutes/)
- [Historical Minutes](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1oUewPsFElpzKHChf5BIeZ2oN8LcQX_aE?usp=share)
- [Redbrick Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1J82f89bfD7vnDI9GN9zwbUS9IjNZU27B)
- [Spreadsheet Important / Useful Names](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xj-HMHdSv-JTnQmNPFaUBW_1YJQDOoI66kGcjUqharU/edit#gid=634347005)
- [Spreadsheet - Interview Questions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HqnjHHjc9r5ocweKvDk-3TGMZebWkHk1Z5iSFceoU-o/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Discord Invite Link](https://discord.redbrick.dcu.ie/)
- [C&S Committee Portal](https://cp.dcuclubsandsocs.ie)
