---
id: "2025-02-17"
aliases:
  - 2025-02-17 Agenda Template
tags:
  - minutes,
  - agenda,
  - committee
author: `Secretary`
date: "2025-02-17"
title: 2025-02-17 Agenda
---
# 2025-02-17 Agenda Template

- **Start**: 2025-02-17 18:00
- **Present**:  `SysAdmin`, `Events`, `SysAdmin`, `Chair`, `PRO`, `Ordinary Member`, `Secretary`, `SysAdmin`,  `Webmaster`, `HelpDesk`, `HelpDesk`, `First Year Rep`, `Events`, `Treasurer`
- **Absent**: `Vice-Chair`, `GDO`
- **Excused**: `Ordinary Member`
- **Late**:

---

# Agenda:
> Please add your Redbrick `username` beside agenda items.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=blue]

> If you cannot attend the meeting, please inform `Secretary` with your reason.
> [name=`Secretary`] [color=red]

:::warning
- [x] Check previous minutes - `Secretary`
:::

## Chair:
- No meetings and event/hackerclub next week as it's reading week - `Chair`
- Nominations for C&S awards open this Friday, get thinking of what yous wanna enter - `Chair`
- Meetings during intra, when is everyone starting and how should they work - `Chair`
- hoodies, sizing issue - `Chair`
- stuff being done last minute, shouldn't have to be pinging everyone - `Chair`

## Vice-Chair:
-

## SysAdmins:
- intersoc tantrum - `SysAdmin`

## Events:
- Scratch game jam this week by `Events` - `Events`
- lightning talks open to members next time plz, too little talks - `Events`
- no event next week - `Events`
- admin bootcamp the week after perhaps? Trying to work around 3yp and intra - `Events`
- how is the compsoc ball coming along? - `Events`

## Treasurer:
-

## HelpDesk:
- How was last week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - Gavin cooked well - `HelpDesk`
- Plan for this week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - Shell and Humphrys' module with a discord call in the evening to prepare the first years for their CA170 lab exam
        - what he said - `HelpDesk`
- Plan for next week's hackerclub - `Chair`
    - None, admin hackerclub week after

## Webmaster:
- Starboard technically ready to deploy but database is broken - `Webmaster`
    - authentication is incorrect, admins looking into it
- User reminders is also blocked because of this issue - `Webmaster`

## Secretary:
- Minutes rectified for open governance in response to concerns - `Secretary`
- Committee Meeting etiquette needs some housekeeping - `Secretary`
- Anything extra needed for the newsletter - `Chair`

## PRO:
- **ahead of time**, I'm going to be putting RB things on the backburner for the next 2 weeks (3rd year project, health and a few other things), so I might be AFK RB-wise - `PRO`
- ^ also applies for this wk and keeping an eye on the socials, `ordinary members` if either of you can, would you mind giving a hand with it?
- yet to upload photos to the drive & also recap post/event post - `PRO`
- I take full responsibility on my end of things for last wk - `PRO`

## GDO:
- Required graphics for upcoming events - `Chair`

## First Year Rep:
-  Balatro on Croom PC is highly enjoyed :) `First Year Rep`

## Ordinary Members:
-

## Common Room Committee:
- Cleaner would like us to clear out the return things from the common room - `Events`

## Points of Discussion:
-

# AOB:

- engagement - `SysAdmin`
- Happy Monday! - `Secretary`

---

# Minutes:

## Points of Info:

> Started at: `18:10`
> Does Committee agree on last weeks minutes: `yes`
> Ended meetings discussions at: `HH:MM`

### Chair Update:
- C&S Awards nominations are open - `Chair`
- Interpints will be...
- Hoodie size discrepancy (just adjust sizes to best fit) - `Chair` & `Events`

### Vice-Chair Update:
- Nothing to report - `Vice-Chair`

### SysAdmin Update:
- Admin Bootcamp in Week and Admin Hackerclub in Week 7

### Events Update:
- Scratch Game jam run by `Events` - `Events` & `Events`
- No event next week
- Compsoc Ball

### Treasurer Update:
- Need to pay firehouse and order hoodies
-

### Helpdesk Update:
- Last week
- This week Shell and Discord call
- No next week
- Week after will be Admin

### Webmaster Update:
-

### Secretary Update:
-

### PRO Update:
- Will to take a break for a few weeks, some help would be appreciated
-

### GDO Update:
- GDO has despawned - `Secretary`

### First Year Rep Update:
-

### Ordinary Member Update:
-

### Common Room Committee Update:
-

## Points of Discusion:
-

## AOB:


## Hackerclub TLDR
- Name: N/A
- Description
- Date:
- Time:
- Room:

## Event TLDR
- Name: N/A
- Description
- Date:
- Time:
- Room:

# Action Items:
- [ ] `all` - Read the minutes!
- [ ] `events` - submit event plan for next week
- [ ] `helpdesk` - prepare hackerclub for this week
- [ ] `GDO` - make posters for hackerclub and main event

---

# Useful Links:

- [Open Governance Repo](https://github.com/redbrick/open-governance/tree/master/minutes/)
- [Historical Minutes](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1oUewPsFElpzKHChf5BIeZ2oN8LcQX_aE?usp=share)
- [Redbrick Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1J82f89bfD7vnDI9GN9zwbUS9IjNZU27B)
- [Spreadsheet Important / Useful Names](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xj-HMHdSv-JTnQmNPFaUBW_1YJQDOoI66kGcjUqharU/edit#gid=634347005)
- [Spreadsheet - Interview Questions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HqnjHHjc9r5ocweKvDk-3TGMZebWkHk1Z5iSFceoU-o/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Discord Invite Link](https://discord.redbrick.dcu.ie/)
- [C&S Committee Portal](https://cp.dcuclubsandsocs.ie)
